行程主标题
The Great Wall in Beijing + a day of no shopping for birds' nests

📅 Day 1: 旅游集散中心前门发车中心 慕田峪长城
Muda's Great Wall.

📍 16:00-16:30 | 慕田峪长城
建议游览时间：Thirty minutes.
景点介绍
Free movement within the scenery for about five hours, enjoying the beauty of the Wall. The Great Wall is located in Huairou, Beijing City, 73 km from Beijing City, and enjoys the reputation of "The Great Wall of Miles, the Monopolies of Muda" in the middle and outside, with the Wall being 5,400 metres long. The Great Wall of Mueda was built in 1368 by General Xu Da, under the supervision of Zhu Yuan Dynasty, at the site of the Great Wall in North Qi, and is home to the beauty of the Great Wall in Ming Dynasty, with a view of the closing tower, the Grand Cape, and the hawk flying upside down. The Wall remains intact, and it is a better reflection of the Great Wall’s hymns. More than 70 foreign leaders or dignitaries, such as former President Clinton and former President of the United States, visited the Great Wall of Mueda.
Muda's Wall, near the bird's nest.
Backway near the nesting water cube (National Park Road bus station, Northern Earth City subway station)
Near the nest water cube, front door.
On arrival at the front door, tourists may choose to travel in the old Beijing pick-up car to experience the Beijing South Central Axis landscape, to experience the 18 spots of Tiananmen Square, Tiananmen Gate, People's Hall, National Museum, etc., and to listen to the tour guide's story of the Beijing Middle Axis.
