行程主标题
♪ With the world and Beijing's traffic six days ♪

📅 Day 1: 出发地 北京
Free movement.

📍 09:00-13:00 | 自由活动
景点介绍
Welcome to Beijing. It's an ancient charisma of history, a vast path, a magnificent doorway, a great palace, everything is like a distant, long history story.
When you arrive in Beijing, take the driver to the hotel (usually you will not be able to reach you until you reach the airport or the high iron station for half an hour. Keep your mobile phone open). Please check in at the front desk, using the guided tour alerts.
Connector/station service: We offer you 24 hours free of charge. (If special circumstances such as flight/train delays, re-signing, etc. do not permit access, the guide will inform the guest to call to the hotel, so that the invoice is stored and reimbursed.)
Free movement.
Suggested time: 3 hours to recommend activities
It's your choice of purpose, based on your interests. Land
Beijing is a fascinating city, with small alleys, old teahouses, new tide bar streets, luxurious commercial areas, infinite Morden elements that intersect with the taste of the old Beijing tunnel, building a deeply rooted cultural base and a decent and decent lifestyle.
Ho: South Twilight Lane, Scephatia, Five Camps, East Punctuation Road, Yang Mei-sheung Street, etc.
Net reds: Drumhouse Street, Peace Bureau, Fretilation Museum, 798 art districts, Bell Books, etc.
Parent-child category: Museum of Nature, Museum of Animals, Museum of Automobiles, Museum of Star Art, etc.
Religions: Zhutai Palace, White Cloudview, 8 major places, Queen's Dill Lords Cathedral, Fargen Temple, etc.
Shopping type: West single, Royal Well, SKP, World Trade Class, Blue Harbor, Taiguri, etc.
Foods: Cattle Street, Bull Street, Front Street, Back Sea, Triton, Temple of the Protector, Temple of the Nation, etc.
High class.
1. The hotel is in no place to move, and it refuses to drive.
Since some business hotels receive only mainland identity card visitors, if you are a foreign visitor or a Hong Kong citizen, you must inform them in advance of your visit, otherwise there will be an uninhabitable situation on the ground and the consequences will be self-regulated.
3. Since Beijing is the center of politics, hotels are often requisitioned by the government and meetings, such as the hot seasons, the government requisitions, etc., we will arrange for a standard hotel not below the original level. Please understand!
4. Alternative hotel random arrangements do not accept designation, please understand.
5 Most hotels in the city have large beds. If you need a space, make a note in advance, we will try to arrange it, but we can't guarantee that you actually check in.
1: You will receive a telephone or text message from the tour guide prior to 2100 p.m. the day before your arrival in Beijing, informing you about your trip. Please keep your phone open and wait patiently.
1 : This line ticket is for a network ticket (high iron/car ticket) and requires your ID to pass for the ticket to be issued. You can choose the number of the car you want.
1: Hotels usually stay after 14:00. If you arrive earlier, you can keep your luggage at the front desk and hang around the hotel for a while. You are required to pay the hotel deposit at the front desk at which some hotels are occupied.
2 : If you have a special request for a room type in the itinerary (large bed/ double bed/ triple bed, etc.), please provide an explanation in advance of the schedule. Our division will try to arrange this, but it cannot be assured that it will be confirmed at the front desk of the hotel on the same day. Please understand.
3 : If you only have one person to travel, please fill in before you travel. This line does not provide a collage service.
4 : The child defaults not to take up the bed, without breakfast. If you need breakfast, buy breakfast at the entrance to the early restaurant. The guide and the travel cow cannot buy it for you.
1: Our division arranges a 24-hour care connector/station, which usually takes you half an hour before you arrive at an airport or a high iron station to transport the master to you. Please keep your mobile phone open.
If you cannot arrange a taxi to a hotel in exceptional circumstances, save your ticket receipt and apply for reimbursement on the basis of an invoice.
2 : Some of the guests who arrive and leave close to the time, we'll arrange for a car-to-car carriage, and the terminal/tomb will take different hotels along the way. Each order provides only one carpool/station and one carpool/port, which cannot be arranged by the same order many times or more, and if you need to do so, separate the order by traffic.
1 : The child price on this line is defined as no bed for children under 3-11 years of age, and includes: travel space, meals, tickets and appointments for children throughout the journey, guided tours, and other expenses (e.g. breakfast is extremely self-sufficient).
2 : Children above 1.49 metres may directly choose the adult price, and students, etc., may be offered a discount.
This product has a 4-6-day itinerary, which is about the same. You can choose from your own vacation. You will usually use a car to play together.

📅 Day 2: 天安门广场 毛主席纪念堂 【故宫3H深度游】（赠珍宝馆或钟表馆+无线耳麦） 赠黄包车胡同游/老北京堂会表演(二选一）
Cheonanmen Square - People ' s Heroes Memorial - Tiananmen Square - People ' s Heroes Memorial - President Mao Memorial

🍜 08:00-09:00 | 早餐推荐
餐厅背景
Hotel morning ca11. Hotel breakfast.

📍 11:00-13:00 | 天安门广场 - 人民英雄纪念碑

📍 13:00-13:30 | 天安门广场
建议游览时间：About 30 minutes.
景点介绍
To the city centre square - 880 metres north and south, 500 metres east and west, 440,000 square metres, in the centre of Beijing, which can accommodate 1 million people for a big rally. Tiananmen Square was a palace square outside the gates of the Forbidden City of the time of the feudal monarchy, surrounded by walls on the eastern, western and southern sides of the land by ordinary people.

📍 15:00-15:10 | 人民英雄纪念碑
建议游览时间：About 10 minutes.
景点介绍
It's in the heart of Tiananmen Square in Beijing. On 30 September 1949, at its first plenary session, the Chinese People ' s Political Consultative Conference decided to erect a memorial to the people ' s heroes in Beijing, the capital, in honour of the heroes who died in the People ' s Liberation War and the People ' s Revolution. At 6 p.m. on the same day, the delegates to the Chinese People ' s Political Consultative Conference held a foundation ceremony for the building of a monument in the front square of Tiananmen Gate. After extensive discussion throughout the country, the tablets were determined. In 1961, the Memorial of the People ' s Heroes was published by the State Council of the People ' s Republic of China as one of the first national priority cultural heritage protection units. The Memorial of the People ' s Heroes, located north of President Mao ' s Memorial Hall, is a monument built by the Government of the People ' s Republic of China to honour the memory of the martyrs of the revolution in China ' s near modern history.

📍 10:30-14:30 | 毛主席纪念堂
建议游览时间：About 30 minutes.
景点介绍
President Mao's Memorial is on the south side of the People's Heroes Memorial at Tiananmen Square. It took place in May 1977, accounting for more than 57,000 square metres, with a total construction area of 28,000 square metres. The main body is in square form, with 44 pillars of the yellow granite building built by Fortune, which contain plasters from Guangzhou Rock Bay, and granite pastings from Tung Qingtao. The roof has two layers of glass under which the sunflowers are cast. The base is on two floors, ** all of which are made of date red granite around the river of Sichuan, surrounded by a thousand-year-old bouquets.
This is followed by the appearance [People's Hall], [National Museum], [National Theatre].
1 More than 10 members of President Mao's Memorial Hall may make appointments for team visits, and up to 10 persons require a customer's appointment by name.
2. Please enter and maintain a queue at the designated position of the staff member with valid papers. If an appointment is scheduled to be completed or a policy closed, change to look.
3. President Mao ' s Memorial Hall will not be allowed to enter with his bags, cameras, canteens, etc., and will be submitted to the guided tour and then lined up, during which each person will be required to conduct site screening.
4. The Tiananmen Square is heavily populated, so please take care of your luggage so as not to lose it.

📍 14:30-17:30 | 【故宫3H深度游】（赠珍宝馆或钟表馆+无线耳麦）
建议游览时间：About 3 hours
景点介绍
A tour of the world's larger ancient Royal Palace complex, which contains gate tickets (three hours in depth), feels the luxuries of the Royal Palace.
So the palace is in the center of Beijing, formerly known as the Forbidden City. It was built in the 18th year (1420) of Ming Dynasty Young Lok, an ancient palace of Ming and Qing, an unmatched masterpiece of ancient buildings, and an ancient complex of larger and more complete wood structures. The entire palace is made up of two parts, the “Face” and the “Needs”, surrounded by walls. All around the river. The corner of town has an corner. There's a door on each side, the noon gate on the south side for the front door of the palace.
"So the palace is new, the jubilee court, the professional guide, the deep play" -- the cow takes you away from tradition and refuses to walk the horse and the flower!
Visiting route for the oxidians: The Gate of Noon, the Temple of Peace, the Temple of Peace, the Palace of Peace. Kowloon's Hall, Princess Jane's Gardens, Wumen.
1. There shall be no parking areas and no parking areas in the vicinity of the Movimentary Landscape.
2. If it is not possible to get tickets to the palace, make arrangements: Sagesan Park + Kong Temple + Son of the Nation

📍 21:00-21:30 | 什刹海
建议游览时间：About 30 minutes.
景点介绍
The Shisha Sea is the historical and cultural tourist attraction of Beijing City and the historical and cultural reserve of Beijing City. Including the three waters and adjacent areas of the former sea, the rear sea and the west sea (also known as cisterns), echoes the “first three seas”, commonly known as the “last three seas”. Many of the ancient buildings in the Shisha Seascape have taken a prominent place in the history of the construction and development of cities in Beijing, as well as in the history of the political and cultural scenes.
Houses, buildings, buildings, temples, halls, halls.

📍 23:00-23:30 | 赠黄包车胡同游/老北京堂会表演(二选一）
建议游览时间：About 30 minutes.
景点介绍
Select between two and one items, please choose according to your preference and give up without refund.

🍜 12:00-13:00 | 故宫网红冰窖餐厅- 王母卤肉饭

📅 Day 3: 升旗仪式 八达岭长城/慕田峪长城（二选一） 军事博物馆/首都博物馆/科技馆（三选一） 鸟巢水立方冰丝带（外观）
A flag-raising ceremony...

🍜 08:00-09:00 | 早餐推荐
餐厅背景
Hotel morning ca11.
As a result of the earlier flag-raising ceremony, and in order not to interfere with your tour time, the hotel's self-help breakfast has been packed for breakfast today.

📍 11:00-11:30 | 升旗仪式
建议游览时间：About 30 minutes.
景点介绍
Every day at sunrise, the flag-raising ceremony was a high-profile sacred ceremony in Tiananmen Square, which attracted thousands of tourists gathered here and watched with excitement the five-star red flag flying in the sky.
1. Due to the distance of the Wall from the urban area (about 80 km), the call for a tour of the Wall was made earlier that day.
After boarding the Wall, you will be freely visited by tourists, and the tour guide will take you to the Wallscape.
3. The option is to climb the Wall on foot or in a taxi/cable, at a cost of $140 per person.
4. Please comment on the default of the Great Wall of the Eight Deltas.

📍 13:00-15:00 | 八达岭长城 - 慕田峪长城

📍 13:30-15:30 | 八达岭长城
建议游览时间：About two hours.
景点介绍
The Great Wall of the Great Wall of the Great Wall and the Great River Mountain of the Great Wall and beyond.
The Great Wall of the Eight Dynasty is a very fine section of the Great Wall's architecture. It's one of the most beautiful places in the country.
In 1972, the President of the United States, Nixon, said on the Wall, "Only a great nation can make such a great Wall." In 2009, United States President Barack Obama also said on the Wall: "Here, we would like to express our great admiration for Chinese civilization." (Travel time is about two.
Time)

📍 13:30-15:30 | 慕田峪长城
建议游览时间：About two hours.
景点介绍
The Great Wall in Beijing is located in Huairou, Beijing, 73 km from Beijing. It has a long history, a rich culture and a reputation for "the Great Wall, the Monopolies." In the landscape, the mountains are stacked, with vegetation cover of over 90 per cent. The Great Wall is 5,400 meters long and is one of the famous 16-views of Beijing, the AAA-class tourist zone.
The Chinese Military Museum, the Capital Museum, the Chinese Science and Technology Library have a real name appointment. Travel agencies have no special appointment channels.
2. The Chinese Military Museum, the Capital Museum, and the Chinese Science and Technology Museum select one project, and if you have made a successful appointment, make a note to the order or notify the guest.
3. If no appointment is made, the itinerary is adjusted to read: Visit the National Library or free activities.

📍 19:00-21:00 | 中国军事博物馆 - 首都博物馆 - 中国科技馆

📍 21:00-00:00 | 中国军事博物馆
建议游览时间：About 3 hours
景点介绍
The Chinese People ' s Revolutionary Military Museum, located on the Long An Street extension line on the west side of Tiananmen, Beijing, on the southern side of Yu Dynasty, was set up in 1958 as one of the 10 major constructions of the capital to celebrate the tenth anniversary. The Landscape Military Museum is the only large and comprehensive military history museum in China, covering more than 80,000 square metres of land, over 60,000 square metres of buildings and over 40,000 square metres of land. The main building is 94.7 meters high, 7th floor central, 4th floor on both sides. The tower at the top of the building, to hold the gold-plated “Eight Ones” and the badges of the Chinese People's Liberation Army, six metres in diameter, was soared and soared. The copper door, up to 4.9 metres, was made of shell casings sent by Fukuyan front forces.

📍 23:00-02:00 | 首都博物馆
建议游览时间：About 3 hours
景点介绍
The new museum of the Capital Museum sits on Changan Street (16th Southwest of the White Cloud Extension Road), covering an area of 248,000 square metres, a total of 63390 square metres, five floors, two basements and 40 metres. The whole architecture is very different and innovative, reflecting the idea of harmony between the past and the future, between history and modernity, between art and nature. The new house has a scientific level of management, advanced research. Hands.
It is a large modern museum with an advanced international and high-level state of the country that offers a comprehensive view of Beijing's long history, a fine culture, fine antiquities and contemporary construction achievements, and social city style.

📍 16:30-19:30 | 中国科技馆
建议游览时间：About 3 hours
景点介绍
The Chinese Science and Technology Library is our national science and technology library. A permanent exhibition based on physics was established at the Chinese Science and Technology Library. In recent years, new displays have been added, such as information highways, multimedia, chaos, fractal canisters, superconductive technology, fuzzy mathematical performances. The world's larger dome theaters have been built, and modern video technology has made science education more attractive. Focusing on the diffusion of high-tech technologies and cutting-edge science in displays stimulates a sense of public interest in pursuing the development of the times, and the charisma of the science center brings the public closer.

📅 Day 4: 颐和园 圆明园或天坛公园或雍和宫或香山公园或恭王府或北海公
Tsai Yuen.

🍜 08:00-09:00 | 早餐推荐
餐厅背景
The hotel offers a warm morning ca11 for a delicious breakfast.

📍 13:30-16:00 | 颐和园
建议游览时间：About two hours.
景点介绍
A tour of China's existing large-scale forest, which preserves the whole of the royal forest -- the Gardens.
Lake Kunming of Beibo, a beautiful mountain of life, a tour of the Fao-Chang, a long porch, a stone, Suzhou Street, a 17-kun bridge, a fun park, a grand stage, etc. (Travel time is about two hours)

📅 Day 5: 酒店 北京环球度假区畅玩全天
Free movement.

🍜 09:30-11:30 | 早餐推荐
餐厅背景
The hotel offers a warm morning ca11 for a delicious breakfast.

📅 Day 6: 北京 - 自由活动 【送机/送站】温馨的家 ！
Free movement.

📍 09:00-12:00 | 自由活动
建议游览时间：About 3 hours
景点介绍
Free Activity Recommendations:
The front door street is on the south side of the center of Beijing, the famous commercial street in Beijing. There's a lot of old-name restaurants, shops, and a lot of snacks all over the place that can go shopping and eat. There are also old buildings in the streets, with brands, old signs, red lanterns, and so on. And there's all kinds of teahouses, and there's always a lot of traditional art shows like phonographs and reviews, and they're worth hanging around.
The main fence is located on the west side of the front street, one of the most important components of the front business circle. As an old commercial street with almost 600 years of history, the fence has been a thriving place for business in old Beijing.
The Chinese-style experience neighborhood, which is popular with young people, preserves the traditional culture, completes the renewal and upgrading of cities and becomes the new landmark of Beijing culture.
Free day, no schedule.
You can sleep in a nice laziness and enjoy your hotel breakfast when you get up.
Sender/ drop-off service: Based on your return time, the staff member will agree with you in advance on the time and place of the drop-off/ drop-off station (only for the hotel entrance). Please keep your mobile phone open. If you do not need a drop-off/ drop-off service, go to the airport/ station yourself (no refund)

🍜 08:00-09:00 | 早餐推荐
餐厅背景
Enjoy the hotel breakfast.
