行程主标题
♪ With the Globe + Beijing Driving 5 Days ♪

📅 Day 1: 出发地 - 北京
Free movement.

📍 09:00-13:00 | 自由活动
景点介绍
Welcome to Beijing. It's an ancient charisma of history, a vast path, a magnificent doorway, a great palace, everything is like a distant, long history story.
When you arrive in Beijing, take the driver to the hotel (usually you will not be able to reach you until you reach the airport or the high iron station for half an hour. Keep your mobile phone open). Please check in at the front desk, using the guided tour alerts.
Connector/station service: We offer you 24 hours free of charge. (If special circumstances such as flight/train delays, re-signing, etc. do not permit access, the guide will inform the guest to call to the hotel, so that the invoice is stored and reimbursed.)
1. The hotel is in no place to move, and it refuses to drive.
Since some business hotels receive only mainland identity card visitors, if you are a foreign visitor or a Hong Kong citizen, you must inform them in advance of your visit, otherwise there will be an uninhabitable situation on the ground and the consequences will be self-regulated.
3. Since Beijing is the center of politics, hotels are often requisitioned by the government and meetings, such as the hot seasons, the government requisitions, etc., we will arrange for a standard hotel not below the original level. Please understand!
4. Alternative hotel random arrangements do not accept designation, please understand.
5 Most hotels in the city have large beds. If you need a space, make a note in advance, we will try to arrange it, but we can't guarantee that you actually check in.
1: You will receive a telephone or text message from the tour guide prior to 2100 p.m. the day before your arrival in Beijing, informing you about your trip. Please keep your phone open and wait patiently.

📅 Day 2: 天安门广场 a 毛主席纪念堂 a 【故宫深度游】赠珍宝馆 a 天坛通票
Tiananmen Square - a gift to the treasure house - a ticket to the altar.

🍜 08:00-09:00 | 早餐推荐
餐厅背景
The hotel's having a nice breakfast.

📍 09:30-14:30 | 天安门广场
建议游览时间：About 30 minutes.
景点介绍
Gather in a car to the world's largest city center square - the "Tuananmen Square" - for a tour.
A visit to the World Heritage Site Park (which includes the Temple of Prayer, the Wall of Echo, the Hills) to pray for a better tomorrow.
The heavenly altar is the altar of the Emperors, the Kings of the Qing Dynasty, the special altar for the years of rain and prayer, and the country's famous ancient building. It reflects the deep depths of ancient Chinese astronomy, architecture, culture, and so forth, with a circle north, square south, meaning “the circle of the sky.” The whole of the heavens is divided into two parts: the inner and the outer.
Or visit the exterior during the routine closed session, please make your own appointment, see the People's Hall and the National Museum. President Mao ' s Memorial Hall is visited free of charge on his/her valid credentials and is expected to remain in line and in order as designated by the staff member.
One, President Mao's Memorial Hall may be an important reminder of the failure of the appointment, the daily limit, and we'll help you to rob the tickets as much as possible (with a very high success rate) as we can to ensure, please know and understand.
2. President Mao will be expected to enter in line at the designated position of the staff member with valid papers, or, if the appointment is scheduled to be completed or the policy will be closed, to appear.
3. President Mao ' s Memorial Hall shall not be allowed to enter the stadium with bags, cameras, canteens, etc., and should be referred to the guided tour and then lined up for screening.
4. The Tiananmen Square is heavily populated, so please take care of your luggage so as not to lose it.

📍 13:00-15:30 | 【故宫深度游】赠珍宝馆
建议游览时间：About two hours and 30 minutes.
景点介绍
It is also known as "The Forbidden City" as a masterpiece of two generations of royal palaces, ancient Chinese buildings, and one of the world's existing zui sizes, which preserves zui as a complete wood complex, so the palace is a classic in ancient Chinese buildings. It is also one of the major vehicles of ancient Chinese palace culture, and it is of great importance to China's ancient history, culture and art.
One, the palace may be an important reminder of the failure of the appointment, and therefore the tickets will be limited. We will help you to get tickets (with a very high success rate) and we will not be able to make sure that you know it and understand it.
2. If it is not possible to obtain tickets to the Home Palace, arrangements will be made for the return of the difference in the price of the ticket between the Park of Sagesan (the palace) or the Queen of the North Sea or the Son of the Temple.
3. Please understand that the Palace closes on Monday and adjusts its schedule to the actual situation.
Four, Wangjing Square, and the palace are heavily populated, and there will be long queues. In order to ensure adequate tour time, Chinese meals will be late, and tourists will be asked to prepare their own snacks to feed them in case they are too late.

🍜 12:00-13:00 | 午餐推荐
餐厅背景
The tour guides recommend Beijing food or snacks.

📍 18:00-20:00 | 天坛通票（含祈年殿 ，回音壁 ，圜丘 ）

📅 Day 3: 升旗仪式 a 八达岭长城 a 颐和园 a 外观鸟巢水立方
A flag-raising ceremony.

🍜 08:00-09:00 | 早餐推荐
餐厅背景
Hotels moisting ca11. Breakfast packed.
As a result of the earlier flag-raising ceremony, and in order not to interfere with your tour time, the hotel's self-help breakfast has been packed for breakfast today.

📍 11:00-12:00 | 升旗仪式
建议游览时间：About an hour.
景点介绍
Every day at sunrise, the flag-raising ceremony was a high-profile sacred ceremony in Tiananmen Square, which attracted thousands of tourists gathered here and watched with excitement the five-star red flag flying in the sky.
1. The daily flag-raising ceremony varies from one day to another and is based on guided tour announcements.
Please follow the order of the scene and follow the orders of the public security officers present.

📍 12:00-17:30 | 八达岭长城
建议游览时间：About two hours.
景点介绍
The Great Wall of the Great Wall is the most beautiful section of the Wall's building, where it is the top of the country's 10 largest landscapes. In 1972, the President of the United States, Nixon, said on the Wall, "Only a great nation can make such a great Wall." In 2009, United States President Barack Obama also said on the Wall: "Here, we would like to express our great admiration for Chinese civilization."
It's in Huairou, Beijing, 73 km from Beijing. It has a long history, a rich culture and a reputation for "the Great Wall, the Monopolies." In the landscape, the mountains are stacked, with vegetation cover of over 90 per cent. The Great Wall is 5,400 meters long and is one of the famous 16-views of Beijing, the AAA-class tourist zone.
1. Due to the distance of the Wall from the urban area (about 80 km), the call for a tour of the Wall was made earlier that day.
After boarding the Wall, you will be freely visited by tourists, and the tour guide will take you to the Wallscape.
3. The option is to climb the Wall on foot or in a taxi/cable, at a cost of $140 per person.
4. Please comment on the default of the Great Wall of the Eight Deltas.

📅 Day 4: 酒店 北京环球影城度假区
Beijing's been swimming all day.

🍜 08:00-09:00 | 早餐推荐
餐厅背景
The hotel's having a nice breakfast.

📍 11:00-19:00 | 北京环球影城畅游全天
建议游览时间：About eight hours.
景点介绍
The Beijing Global Resort is a popular theme park tourism destination, including Global Theme Park, Beijing Global City Avenue, and two vacation hotels. China's cultural elements in Beijing's Universal Holiday Zone have developed a unique experience with seven major theme areas, 37 rides on recreational facilities and

📅 Day 5: 酒店 - 自由活动 【送机/送站】温馨的家 ！
Free movement.

🍜 21:00-00:00 | 早餐推荐
餐厅背景
The hotel's having a nice breakfast.
Free movement.
Recommended location:
The front door street is on the south side of the center of Beijing, the famous commercial street in Beijing. There's a lot of old-name restaurants, shops, and a lot of snacks all over the place that can go shopping and eat. There are also old buildings in the streets, with brands, old signs, red lanterns, and so on. And there's all kinds of teahouses, and there's always a lot of traditional art shows like phonographs and reviews, and they're worth hanging around.
The main fence is located on the west side of the front street, one of the most important components of the front business circle. As an old commercial street with almost 600 years of history, the fence has been a thriving place for business in old Beijing.
The Chinese-style experience neighborhood, which is popular with young people, preserves the traditional culture, completes the renewal and upgrading of cities and becomes the new landmark of Beijing culture.
Free day, no schedule.
You can sleep in a nice laziness and enjoy your hotel breakfast when you get up.
Sender/ drop-off service: Based on your return time, the staff member will agree with you in advance on the time and place of the drop-off/ drop-off station (only for the hotel entrance). Please keep your mobile phone open. If you do not need a drop-off/ drop-off service, go to the airport/ station yourself (no refund)
Process
Notes
Please report your guests ' names directly to the hotel, which is usually at 14 o'clock, and some hotels require you to pay the hotel deposit at the front desk at the time of the hotel 's entry.
Two guests will receive a call or text message from the tour guide before 21:00 p.m. in Beijing to inform you about the trip. Please keep your mobile phone open and wait patiently.
