行程主标题
♪ Zhang's family ♪ Zhang's family ♪ Zhang's home + Tianmen Mountain + Phoenix City ♪ 5 Days
价格
$158.

📅 Day 1: 出发地 张家界
Free movement.

📍 09:00-13:00 | 自由活动
景点介绍
Let's go.
Please take the original documents you have provided on schedule and go to the Zhang border by air. When you arrive, the staff will take you to the hotel to check in.
Please wait and do not worry.
Upon arrival, the staff will wait for you at the airport exit. The VIP station (independent vehicles + on-board, waiting 0 + 24H on standby).
3. Hotel occupancy is after 14:00. If you arrive earlier, you can leave your luggage at the hotel reception and move freely.
4. The Hunan Tourist Board requires that, for environmental reasons, all hotels do not provide free one-time washing items, which you can take with you or buy in the hotel. Hotel offers slippers, but not one time.
If the hotel is full, we'll arrange for a hotel of the same rank, the Zhang family's Wu Pilman Hotel or the Zhang family forest park.

📅 Day 2: 张家界国家森林公园（百龙天梯-袁家界-天子山-金鞭溪） 魅力湘西晚会
Zhang's National Forest Park

📍 09:00-11:00 | 张家界国家森林公园 - 百龙天梯 - 袁家界 - 天子山 - 金鞭溪大峡谷

📍 09:00-13:00 | 张家界国家森林公园
建议游览时间：About four hours.
景点介绍
The Zhang Dynasty National Forest Park is located in Zhang Dynasty, north-west of Hunan Province. On 25 September 1982, with the approval of the State Council of the People's Republic of China, Zhang Jiawon was officially named Zhang Jia's National Forest Park, also the National Forest Park. The total area of the park is 4810 hectares.
VIP Special Drive: We don't have to line up from the VIP Channel fast enough to enter the park, we don't have to line up six times at the six-large car locations, and we're seamlessly connected.
Traditional tourism: A lot of time spent in line, exhausted, travel without experience.

📍 09:00-09:20 | 百龙天梯
建议游览时间：About 20 minutes.
景点介绍
The one-size-fits-all-exposure exterior elevators, which are high in the world, high in weight and fast, are the three ceremonial worlds of vertical transport from water around four doors across the wall to the Yuan's home, connecting machines such as Tiankoyama.

📍 15:00-16:00 | 袁家界
建议游览时间：About an hour.
景点介绍
The Yuan family is located north of Zhang Jia's National Forest Park, on one side of the hill. On the back of the Rock Peak, facing the peak of the valley, stretching from east to west. The main scenes are back garden, Vertigo, etc.
The Guang Jian of the Yuan family is a viewing site for Mount Avanda hallelujah. Hollywood photographer Hansen took a four-day exterior shot in Zhang's home, and a large number of scenery pictures became prototypes of the various elements of "Pandora Planet" in American science fiction.

📍 17:00-18:00 | 天子山
建议游览时间：About an hour.
景点介绍
The mountain is located in the north-western part of the Moyuki village, with a total area of 5,400 hectares, and has a three-fold rise in Zhang's National Forest Park and Sokti. The main mountain is 1262.5 meters above sea level, wide-sighted, ambitious and multi-layered, especially in the form of peaks, suns, fog, snow and snow, with the saying, "No mountain, no mountain, no mountain."
It's the West Sea Stone Forest, the pentops, the bouquets.

📍 19:00-20:00 | 金鞭溪大峡谷
建议游览时间：About an hour.
景点介绍
The canyon is known as the "painting gallery of mountain water" with its green eyes, four seasons of clear creeks, trees onions, flowers and flowers, and the sun pours through the gaps between branches of the forest, spilling a bumpy shadow over the water, walking along the stream, and swimming in the painting. This is also one of the attractions for the classic "West Travel."

📍 21:00-23:00 | 魅力湘西 不含门票（ 自费 ）
建议游览时间：About two hours.
景点介绍
# The glamorous "Dance of the House" #
The thousand-year-old mystery of Josie's Expulsion, and large indoor performances such as the colossal, living fossilist “Magos” and others, which express the theme of the popular folk culture and culture of Xinxi.
If the hotel is full, we'll arrange for a hotel of the same rank, the Zhang family's Wu Pilman Hotel or the Zhang family forest park.

📅 Day 3: 张家界包车1日游（含导游服务）
Recommended location: Zhang Grand Canyon Glass Bridge (without tickets) - > Recommended location: Yellow Dragon Hole (without tickets)

📍 09:00-13:00 | 推荐景点 ：张家界大峡谷玻璃桥（不含门票）
建议游览时间：About four hours.
景点介绍
The Zhang Jia Canyon is located in Zhang Jia City, Hunan Province, where mountains, water, holes in each other are located. Here's a good view of the entire landscape of the North temperate Caster terrain. The Flying Falls springs of the Grand Canyon are all over the world. The canyon is full of vegetation, fresh air, cool and comfortable, and there's a mist on the stream, as if it were the source of the world's peaches.
A glass bridge is 430 metres long and 6 metres wide. The bridge is approximately 300 metres from the bottom of the valley and can stand for 800 people. The bridge is all made with transparent glass, and the bridge centre has high jumps, and the whole project is a steel-free stretcher, a bridge with a whole glass structure. When the glass bridge was built, it was the world's first glass bridge in the sloped alpine valley.

📍 11:00-13:00 | 推荐景点 ：黄龙洞（不含门票）
建议游览时间：About two hours.
景点介绍
The Yellow Dragon Cave is a typical Casterite mosaic, listed as an international tourist cave member, one of the country ' s 35 great attractions, with a reputation for wonders. There are four layers of yellow dragon caves, and there are holes in the whole hole, and there are rivers, rocks, stones, all kinds of caves, all kinds of glamorous eyes.
The yellow dragon hole, because of its size, its content, the beauty of the view, is almost complete in Cave Science.
If the hotel is full, we'll arrange for a hotel of the same rank, the Zhang family's Wu Pilman Hotel or the Zhang family forest park.

📅 Day 4: 张家界 天门山 凤凰古城
Skyman Mountain National Forest Park - Skyman Mountain Dao Road - Glass Dam Province

📍 09:00-11:00 | 天门山国家森林公园 - 天门山大索道 - 玻璃栈道 - 天门洞 - 通天大道

📍 11:00-13:00 | 天门山国家森林公园
建议游览时间：About two hours.
景点介绍
The National Forest Park of Tianmen Mountain is all over the wall. The whole primary forest is preserved, the plant is rich, and there are the world's rare high mountains. The culture of Tianmen Mountain is deep, and there are many hymns of hymns, and many legends, and they are called "the spirit of Zhang's family." It is famous for its three most famous places: "Assisting caves, cable cars, roads."

📍 13:00-13:30 | 天门山大索道
建议游览时间：About 30 minutes.
景点介绍
It's 745 meters long, 1277 meters high, 98 cars run for about 30 minutes. The local slope between the station and the upper station is 37 degrees, and the world is rare, and it is the domestic local slope. There are three stations down, in the middle and on the way.

📍 15:00-15:30 | 玻璃栈道
建议游览时间：About 30 minutes.
景点介绍
The glass canal is the fine specialty of the mountain. The Western inn is 60 meters long, operating first; the East inn is 150 meters long, then operating later. It's built on cliffs, and the roads are all made of transparent glass, and it's on top of it, and it's seen deep valleys beneath its feet, and it's scared, and it feels happy to walk in the air.

📍 17:00-17:30 | 天门洞
建议游览时间：About 30 minutes.
景点介绍
The Skygate Cave is located in the National Forest Park of Tianmen Mountain, which is also a representative attraction. Skygate hole, north and south, 1300 meters above sea level.
131.5 meters high, 57 meters wide, 60 meters deep, and the earth in heaven, like a portal to heaven. "The Skygate Spray" and "The Skygate Sunlight" have been hailed as rare images of the world.

📍 19:00-23:00 | 通天大道
建议游览时间：Four hours.
景点介绍
Skywalk is an all-mountain road in the Tianmen Mountain National Forest Park on the Zhang border.
Way. The road is 10,77 kilometres long, with an altitude of nearly 1,100 metres, with a total of 99 bends, of which 180 degrees of rotation are all rounded up, rounded up, layered up, like a floating jade belt around the dome. Across Sky Boulevard, rocking up nine clouds, along the way, you'll be able to find the adventures of the Mountain of Heaven, the tumultuous intestines, known by the world as "The Underground of the Road."
1. If one of the sites cannot be visited, no difference is refunded.
2. In view of the particularly popular nature of the Tianmena, you are requested to prepare yourself in advance for a long queue in the tourist season, either on the road or in an environmental vehicle.
3 The site is long and there are no restaurants in the area, so please prepare dry food and snacks in advance so that the area is hungry.
Zhang's family, Phoenix.
After the tour, drive to Phoenix.

📍 21:00-23:00 | 凤凰夜景
建议游览时间：About two hours.
景点介绍
When you arrive at the Phoenix, you can move freely and enjoy the beautiful Phoenix Nightview. We recommend the following locations for you to watch the night view:
One, the head of the Phoenix South China Gate, able to see the night view of the heart of Phoenix City;
ii. The Qianjiang canal pier, where you can enjoy the night view on both sides of the river;
It's a thousand-year-old bridge across the river.
The Snow Fair Hotel.
Hotels are located in Hunan Phoenix County, with a forest park in Mount South China, 750 meters from Phoenix. Based on the traditional water courtyards, and built on the unique human ethos of Phoenix, it is committed to the way in which quality, individualization and cultural life are built. The hotel has a variety of types of services such as courtyards, parent rooms, villa suites, standard rooms, and leisure gardening, central restaurant, conference rooms, clean bar, book bar, tea bar, open swimming pool, barbecue bar, etc., which are designed to provide visitors with an environment of elegance and experience of leisure and shelter, and to feel the quiet and light touch of “the deep forest without knowing it, coming to see it tomorrow.” I'm looking forward to a mountain courtyard.

📍 23:00-23:30 | “湘见·沱江”沉浸式艺术游船
建议游览时间：About 30 minutes.
景点介绍
One of the core experience projects in Phoenix is the Night Swimming Swamp, which brings together the Hmong culture at its core, the country's paintings, animations, ** live films, audio-visuals, scenery mixes, nightwalking devices, photocopying devices, and so on, as well as the 100-metre scrolls that the Hmong culture displays on each other's stone walls on both sides of the river, as well as many other homogenous elements, such as the Hmong weddings, wax dyes, and scavengers.
Presented a 128-dollar immersion art cruise ship, Zhaojiang (for adults only)
"The Night Swimming Vegetable Boat is one of the core experience projects in Phoenix City, where the culture of the Hmong is at its core and the country is so well integrated."
D5 paintings, animations, ** reality movies, audio-visuals, scenery mixes, nightwalking devices, photo-film devices, a hundred-metre picture of each other on the walls along the river using photo-technology and Hmong culture, as well as a large number of Hmong folk elements, such as weddings, wax dyes and scrambling.

📅 Day 5: 凤凰古城（赠沱江泛舟） 张家界 出发地
Phoenix City. Miyagi.

📍 09:00-11:00 | 凤凰古城 -凤凰沈从文故居

📍 11:00-14:00 | 凤凰古城
建议游览时间：About 3 hours
景点介绍
The phoenix city, located southwest of Xinxi Autonomous State in Hunan Province, has a mountain of phoenix flying on its wings, and it is known for that. The phoenix is known for its novel The Side City, and has attracted more attention. Bluestone streets in ancient cities, riverside wooden hiking buildings, numerous ancient buildings, and a strong Hmong ethos constitute the unique taste of the phoenix. From The Side City to The Autobiography to The Scripts, Shen has created a Script of the Scripts with a dim and rhymeful text. The hiking towers, the teasing alleys, the ropes and the white towers built the ancient city of Phoenix in the hearts of millions of readers.

📍 13:00-13:30 | 凤凰沈从文故居
建议游览时间：About 30 minutes.
景点介绍
There's a bit of rhyme. In the water, a roll of painting across the river, across the iris bridge, is visible: a thousand years of life, 10,000 towers, and the taking of the cuisine... a sense of distance from the world.

📍 15:00-19:00 | 万寿宫
建议游览时间：Four hours.
景点介绍
The great view of architectural art in a building called the Jiangxi Consortium, located in Sand Bay, Phoenix Province. The Mansion Palace forms a complex and uniquely designed complex of buildings. Close to the gate, connected to the high gate building, north with the sun, west with the Changtao. There's a hall above the 9th step of the gate, and then the temple.
Phoenix, Zhang family.
After lunch, the car returned to Zhang's border and arrived at Zhang's terminal.
Zhang's family. Let's go.
Take you to the airport. Please check your flight and return by plane.
Process
Notes
For reference purposes only, the final itinerary may be fine-tuned to the actual situation.
