行程主标题
♪ Zhang's Family Forest Park ♪ ♪ Tianmen Mountain ♪ ♪ Flying 5 Days ♪ ♪ Six people just play ♪ ♪ Up and down ♪ ♪ 2 nights ♪ ♪ 5 stars of Pilman Hotel ♪ ♪ 5 times of VIP Channel ♪ ♪ Watching the wild monkeys ♪ ♪ The night ♪

📅 Day 1: 出发地 张家界
Free movement.

📍 09:00-13:00 | 自由活动
景点介绍
Let's go.
Please take the original documents you have provided on schedule and go to the Zhang border by air. When you arrive, the staff will take you to the hotel to check in.
1. Please arrive at the airport of departure at least two hours in advance to check the service and security.
2. Specialized transport: 24 hours for a 24-hour attachment, leaving on the bus, not waiting for the car to go.
3. The hotel will be occupied after 14:00. If you arrive earlier, you can post your luggage at the hotel reception and travel freely.
Free movement.
Suggested time: 2 hours for recommended activities
Zhang's 72nd Building
It's been a legend since ancient times in the Wuming Hills, the "Sixty-Arms-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven." Besides, 72 is a cultural concept, a figment, meaning a lot. The 72nd is unique.
Ming, a rich business, a lot of food, a lot of living, a lot of playing, a lot of changes in the light show, a lot of great things. Walking into this place, three steps a little view, five steps a big view, moving the scene, amazing steps.

📅 Day 2: 【登天门山 ，赏日夜景】行程 ：挑战【天门山】 ➠穿越天门洞➠乘7455米观光索道➠人间瑶池【宝峰湖】
Lake Bao-Bong-Bon-- Santasso. Province

📍 09:00-11:00 | 宝峰湖
建议游览时间：About two hours.
景点介绍
The world's natural heritage, Po Feng Lake, is located at the heart of a famous territory in the Zhang province, 1.5 km from the government. The Poon Lake landscape is one of mountain waters, where popular styles are integrated, especially in the Quesuo High Canyon Lake, the "Fly Down 3,000 Flying Flying Falls" and the mysterious Deep Mountain Temple. The main site of Po Feng Lake consists of two blocks: Po Feng Lake and the eagle nest. Among them is Po Feng Lake, the Flying Falls, the Eagle's Consort, and the one-line sky called the "Four Outs."

📍 11:00-13:00 | 天门山 - 天门山大索道 -天门山玻璃栈道 - 天门洞日夜双游

📍 13:00-17:00 | 天门山
建议游览时间：About four hours.
景点介绍
The National Forest Park of Tianmen Mountain is famous for its natural wonders, the Skygate Hole. When you go to the view area, you have to travel around 7,500 metres on a solo road, and you can look down in a cable car, and you can look at the skywalk and the beautiful view of the mountains between the cliffs. And you can walk through a glass cage with walls hanging out, and experience the excitement of walking in the air.
The National Forest Park of Tianmen Mountain is closer to the city of Zhang's border, and the cave in the mountain is a natural cave through which the people think they can reach heaven. For ordinary tourists, the Skygate Hole is not open all year round, and every winter, due to the freezing of snowways, the Skygate Hole and the Passage Road to the Skygate Hole (99-twirling mountain roads) are closed.
The lower station of Grand Sow Road in the view area is on the Zone of Eternity, up to the top of the Temple Mountain. In 2020, the view area opened the fast track, and the fast track was standing under the gate near the gate, near the gate park.
The forest park of Tianmen Mountain is surrounded by ancient trees and vines. The view is divided into the main areas of Skygate, Midline, East Line and West Line View. Visitors can choose different routes and regions based on their preferences and strength.

📍 15:00-15:40 | 天门山大索道
建议游览时间：About 40 minutes.
景点介绍
It's located in Zhang's city of Tianmen Shan National Forest Park. It's 7454 meters long, 1277 meters high, and it's about 30 minutes long.
Bell. The local slope between the middle and upper stations is as high as 37 degrees, and the world is rare. There are three stations down, in the middle and on the way. Down on the Zone of Eternity, up on the top of Mount Tianmen. Tourists can look over the hole in the sky on the road.

📍 17:00-17:20 | 天门山玻璃栈道
建议游览时间：About 20 minutes.
景点介绍
The glass canal is the fine specialty of the mountain. The East Line, the West Line and the Three Glass Calves on the Dragon Cliff are now open. It's built on cliffs, and the roads are all made of transparent glass, and it's on top of it, and it's seen deep valleys beneath its feet, and it's scared, and it feels happy to walk in the air. When the weather is harsher, like rain, glass canals will be shut down.

📍 19:00-20:00 | 天门洞日夜双游
建议游览时间：About an hour.
景点介绍
The gates are 131.5 meters high, 57 meters wide, 60 meters deep, and the earth is full of heaven, like a portal to heaven. This is a view that attracts visiting visitors from ancient emperors, eunuchs, monks, and scribes, who have accumulated over generations to form a uniquely thick “sky culture”. "The Skygate Spray" and "The Skygate Sunlight" have been hailed as rare images of the world.
Unlimited
Unlimited
Unlimited
Evening
Evening
Evening
Evening

📅 Day 3: 【核心景区】行程 ：张家界国家森林公园→【户外天梯】百龙电梯→【探秘阿凡达】袁家界→天子山→十里画廊
Zhang's National Forest Park

📍 09:00-11:00 | 张家界国家森林公园 - 百龙天梯 - 袁家界 - 天子山

📍 11:00-15:00 | 张家界国家森林公园
建议游览时间：About four hours.
景点介绍
The Zhang Dynasty National Forest Park is located in Zhang Dynasty, north-west of Hunan Province. On 25 September 1982, with the approval of the State Council of the People's Republic of China, Zhang Jia's old forest yard was officially named Zhang Jia's National Forest Park, which is also China's national forest park. The park covers 4810.
Mmm.

📍 13:00-13:20 | 百龙天梯
建议游览时间：About 20 minutes.
景点介绍
The Montagnard Tower, located in Zhang's home country, has the reputation of the Eastern Eiffel Tower. At 326 meters, tourists are standing in double-deposit full-exposure elevators, enjoying the "general formation" of 48 independent rock peaks.
A nice reminder: the bill is already included if you don't travel for personal reasons. (adults only)

📍 15:00-16:00 | 袁家界
建议游览时间：About an hour.
景点介绍
The Yuan family is located north of Zhang Jia's National Forest Park, on one side of the hill. On the back of the Rock Peak, facing the peak of the valley, stretching from east to west.
Avatar takes the view: Hollywood photographer Hansen took a four-day exterior shot in Zhang's home, and a large number of scenery images became the prototype of the elements of “Pandora Planet” in the American science fiction film Avatar, in which the “Souther Sky One” picture became the prototype of “Hallelujah”, a floating mountain.

📍 17:00-18:00 | 天子山
建议游览时间：About an hour.
景点介绍
Sons of God, he's known for his family's history calling himself a prince. The clouds of the sky that rained through the first days of the rain were spectacular, and the rising clouds formed waterfalls, tides, waves, tectonic formations, so vast, so vast. It's a famous view of Horon Park, the West Sea Stone Forest, the pen peaks, the bouquets.
Afternoon
Afternoon
Unlimited
Evening
Evening

📅 Day 4: 【核心景区二次入园】行程 ：张家界国家森林公园→ ‘不到黄石寨枉到张家界’→金鞭溪童趣戏水&看野生猕猴→挂在瀑布上古镇 ‘芙蓉
Golden Whip Creek, West Journey, Viewing Land - Yellowstone - Furung Town - "Seeing the River" immersive art cruiser

📍 09:00-10:00 | 金鞭溪《西游记》取景地
建议游览时间：About an hour.
景点介绍
The Golden Whip Creek canyon is the early area of zui development in the landscape, a clear stream that runs through the valley, peaks on both sides, and looks at the brightest. And here's one of the classic "West Travel" scenes, where fans can come here to see the classics of the water curtain hole and the mountain rescue mother.
We're in the middle of nowhere, we're in the middle of nowhere, we're in the middle of nowhere. It's called the Great Canyon of the Golden Whip Creek, the twilight of the two banks, the wind, the play of the birds, the trees of the Gucci, the wild fish, the view of the landscape, the three steps, the ten steps, the ten steps, the top of the world, the top 3,000 and the eight hundred. ♪ Rei's canyon, fleeing the city's raging, reaping long-lost emotions ♪

📍 11:00-13:00 | 黄石寨
建议游览时间：About two hours.
景点介绍
Huang Liang is also known as Wong Liang, and is known for his visit. It's in the middle of the forest park, for a giant square hill, 1080 meters above sea level, a magnificent, high viewing platform. The roof covers 16.5 hectares, is higher in southwest and lower in northeast. And around the cliffs, the green trees. There's a lot of air viewing platforms out there.

📍 13:00-14:00 | 芙蓉镇
建议游览时间：About an hour.
景点介绍
The town of Furong, formerly known as the "King Village", has a history of over 2,000 years, and is a commercial haven for Yong-soon. It is a political, economic, cultural centre in the middle-land family area, known as "Tzu Tozin". He has the reputation of Yuyung, Xuanxi, and Nanking Jr. Then he got famous for taking pictures of the film "Foo Yong Town" by Liu Xiaoqing and Kang.
The phoenix is inspired by a collection by Mr. Shen Wen Wen, China's first A-class Man-jing, based on the ancient city of Phoenix, the Mangshan courtyard, a generation of literary masters who feel the footprints of Mangsai, experience the playgrounds (a time travel, with free clothes) in the garden -- the home-child playgrounds (a study tour of music), the forest water (40 degrees of heat pool) - (classic drawings) - the botanical plums - the guacam (fish feeding) — the true readings of the scripts from young Man, middle-aged and old age, etc.

📍 15:00-17:00 | “湘见·沱江”沉浸式艺术游船
建议游览时间：2-hour recommended activities
景点介绍
A 168-dollar, immersion art cruiser, Zhaojiang (adult only)
Seeing that the Night Swimming In the River is one of the core experience projects in Phoenix City, where the culture of the Hmongs is at its core, so as to integrate the country's paintings, animations, **
There are many expressions of reality, audio-visual films, scenery mixes, nightwalking devices, photocopying devices, and 100-metre drawings that are presented on each other's walls along the river using photo-technology and Hmong culture, as well as numerous elements of Hmong folklore such as weddings, wax dyes, and beatings.
Free movement.
phoenix City Nightview
When you arrive in Phoenix City, you can enjoy the beautiful Phoenix Nightview at night. Nightview view view location recommended:
One, South China Gate Bridge: Can look over the heart of Phoenix City at night;
ii. The Qianjiang canoe: a view of the night on both sides;
3 Ionbridge: Ionbridge is a thousand-year-old bridge across the river, the heart of an ancient city view!

📅 Day 5: 早起足不出户欣赏园林意境野趣→可体验【雪晴集园林】游园会、森林戏水（40度恒温泳池）等等→万寿宫→沈从文故居→（大巴车全程高
The phoenix of the city of Shen Dynasty.

📍 09:00-11:00 | 凤凰古城 - 沈从文故居 - 万寿宫

📍 11:00-13:00 | 凤凰古城
建议游览时间：About two hours.
景点介绍
The city of Phoenix, located in the south-western Phoenix County of the Hwanan province, is home to the Hmong family, with a total land area of about 10 square kilometres. At the end of 2010, some 50,000 people, comprising 28 ethnic groups, including the Hmong, the Han and the Turkish families, were typical ethnic minority communities. In 2001, the National Historical and Cultural City was awarded the title of one of the 10 major cultural heritages in Hunan. Once hailed by a well-known New Zealand writer, Louis Ali, as China's beautiful little town, compared with Yunnan Li Gang and Shanxi's remote city, which enjoyed the great reputation of “North plains, South Phoenix”. It is the historic and cultural city of the country.
1. Greater tourist traffic in the tourist boom zone may lead to delays in the return journey.
2. The city of Phoenix is an open place, a place for shopkeepers, and there is no place for a vendor to sell local specialty items.

📍 13:00-13:20 | 沈从文故居
建议游览时间：About 20 minutes.
景点介绍
Shen Wen, who lives in Phoenix, Hunan province, has a rich and rich history of Xinxi. It's a 100-year-old Qing Dynasty and late architecture that goes back and forth, with a small pit in the middle, and a van with the claustropics on the right and the right, and gives people a beautiful sense of beauty. It seems to be in harmony with the firmness of the roof and the grey walls, the old walls and the broken doors and windows that show the old and old houses.

📍 15:00-15:20 | 万寿宫
建议游览时间：About 20 minutes.
景点介绍
The great view of architectural art in a building called the Jiangxi Consortium, located in Sand Bay, Phoenix Province. The Mansion Palace forms a complex and uniquely designed complex of buildings. Close to the gate, connected to the high gate building, north with the sun, west with the Changtao. There's a hall above the 9th step of the gate, and then the temple.
After noon, the Phoenix local group, if you need to go back to Chang's place, will be free of charge for a bus space.
One, Phoenix City High Iron Station (13:00) or Huai Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei Wei
If the phoenix goes back to Zhang's bus, the bus buys after 19:30.
Three, the Bronze Phoenix Airport near the Phoenix.
Process
Notes
The above trip is for reference purposes only, and may be fine-tuned according to the circumstances.
