行程主标题
♪ Zhang's family ♪ Zhang's family ♪ Zhang's home + Tianmen Mountain + Phoenix City 6 Days ♪ ♪ 12 people ♪ Shopping ♪ Zing Zing Zing Zing Zing Zing Zing Zing Zing Zing Zing Zing Zing Zing Zing Zing Zing Zing Zing Zing Zing Zing Zing Zing Zing Zing Zing Zhu Zing Zing Zing Zing Zing Zing Zing Zing Zing Zing Zing

📅 Day 1: 全国各地 张家界
Zhang Ji-chul Building

📍 09:00-11:00 | 自由活动美景推荐—张家界七十二奇楼
建议游览时间：About two hours.
景点介绍
We're going on our own tour at night. In the mountains of Wumu, the legend of the "Seven Bows, Seventy-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven-Seven. One hundred and nine metres of cave-stucking footbuildings have created the wonders of the world's construction history with a variety of architectural features, emptied doors and floors. It's very distinctive, it's very commercial, it's a lot of food, it's a lot of play, it's a lot of light shows, it's a lot of change, it's a lot of great stuff. Walking into this place, three steps a little view, five steps a big view, moving the scene, amazing steps. "In short, there are 72 different kinds of novelty experiences here, 72 different kinds of change, so it's called the 72nd. "From afar, the 72nd Quarter is like a half-air-stamped home, a lie, like in a fantasy.

📅 Day 2: 张家界国家森林公园 a 杨家界（含索道） a 袁家界 a 百龙天梯 十里画廊
Zhang's National Forest Park

📍 09:00-15:00 | 张家界国家森林公园
建议游览时间：About six hours.
景点介绍
The Zhang Jia Zhang National Forest Minister is located in Zhang Jia Zhang City, north-west of Hunan Province. On 25 September 1982, with the approval of the State Council of the People's Republic of China, Zhang Jia's old forest park was officially named Zhang Jia's National Forest Park, which is also China's National Forest Park. The total area of the park is 4810 hectares.
Note 1: There are environmental vehicles in the area between the viewing sites and the viewing sites, and there are a lot of tourists in the area. Please meet at the location specified by the tour guide.
a.m.
a.m.
Afternoon
Afternoon
Afternoon
2. The scenery is a shelter for wild monkeys and does not provoke monkeys to prevent scratches. Zhang's family is a mountain view area, so for the sake of the mountain, please wear a flat shoe and suggest not wearing a dress, bring your own rain tools, suncaps, mosquito-proof water, etc.

📍 11:00-12:30 | 杨家界
建议游览时间：About an hour and 30 minutes.
景点介绍
The Yang's view area is east of Yuan's border and north of Tiankoshan, covering an area of 34 square kilometres and an altitude of 1130 metres. It's in its infancy in the history of the evolution of the peak forest, and it's all over the country, and it's clear of rivers and vegetation, with a forest cover of 95 per cent. The Yang family is unique in its landscape of peak walls.
Remarks: Donation to the Yang family for round trip (value 152 yuan/person), free of charge.

📍 13:00-15:00 | 袁家界 - 天下第一桥 - 乾坤柱 - 迷魂台

📍 15:00-16:30 | 袁家界
建议游览时间：About an hour and 30 minutes.
景点介绍
The area of the Yuan family is approximately 1,200 hectares, at an average altitude of 1074 metres, the main attraction of the film Avatar, a 2,000-metre-long cruise, one head on the Vertigo Plateau, and the first head on the Birth Bridge. Walking around, you can see it: Vertigo's table, the Tortoises, the five women marching out, the bridge of heart, the bridge of the sky, the Avanda-Konju, and other interesting scenes. They're not high, they're generally not affected by climate, and they're a little tasteful.

📍 17:00-17:10 | 天下第一桥
建议游览时间：About 10 minutes.
景点介绍
The DI Bridge is a natural stone bridge located in the Zhang Jia Jia Yuan Landscape, in the area of the Sand Sword Treasure Landscape. The bridge is 350 meters high, the highest stone bridge in Zhang's family. The height, extent and distress of the bridge are rare, so it's called the DI Bridge.

📍 19:00-19:10 | 乾坤柱
建议游览时间：About 10 minutes.
景点介绍
It's one of Zhang's most famous places on the south end of Yuan's land, 1074 metres above sea level, about 150 metres at vertical height, the top of the vegetation, the strange shape of the peaks, and the sharpness of the vertical artery.
The boundary, with the supremacy of the heavens, is now known as Khunju. It's also a prototype of the movie Avatar, so it's called the "Hallelujah Surfing Mountain."

📍 21:00-21:10 | 迷魂台
建议游览时间：About 10 minutes.
景点介绍
The Vertigo Plateau is located in the area of Yuan's National Forest Park in Zhang, more than 200 metres east of the bridge and 50 metres south. This is one of the natural viewing stations in the Yuan's area of view, standing here in a basin that is so far and so wide, and so high and so low, like a tower, like a tower, and so many different forms and images. In this view, the clouds and clouds of the mountains are grotesque and unsettling.

📍 23:00-23:15 | 百龙天梯
建议游览时间：About 15 minutes.
景点介绍
It's 335 meters vertically and 326 meters high. It's made up of wells inside the mountain and wells with hives.
All right, each one is made up of fully transparent glass. While travelling in the elevator, tourists are able to enjoy through glass the great saga of the Zhang family, which is just across from the Bronx, made up of dozens of relatively independent rock peaks.

📍 01:00-01:30 | 十里画廊
建议游览时间：Thirty minutes.
景点介绍
Afternoon
An environmental vehicle travelling to the scenery is about five kilometres long, with onions on both sides of the forest, and wild flowers fragrances; a strange rock, in all shapes, is like a giant mountain water roll, of which the "sucupids", "poachers" and "prefects" are famous.
Note : 76 Centuries for gallery sightings/persons
Zhang's National Forest Park.
Zhang's National Forest Park.

📅 Day 3: 二进张家界森林公园 a 天子山 a 杨家界索道 a 黄石寨 a 金鞭溪
Tian Zhushan...

📍 10:00-11:30 | 天子山
建议游览时间：About an hour and 30 minutes.
景点介绍
a.m.
The Tianzheng Landscape, formerly known as the Blue Rock Mountain, was named after the ancient leader of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the Earth, who was led by a local farmer who called himself the "The Son of the Son," one of the four great landscapes of Wumin. It rises east, west to general rock, south to home country forest park, stretching nearly 40 miles.
Note: 72 from Tianshan Road.

📍 11:30-11:40 | 杨家界索道
建议游览时间：About 10 minutes.
景点介绍
The Yang Family Soo is the World Heritage Site of the World's Natural Heritage, followed by Tianko Shan Soo, the third passenger route after the Yellow Rock Soo, and is located on the eight-mile slope tour line, Liu Jia Zhu, and on the lower end in the village of the middle lake. This is a two-way cycle with an eight-person van-coop, 1876 metres in length, 517 metres vertically at the upper and lower stop, 14 line-stands, 6m/s, 2,300 man/hour, and 5.2 minutes one-way, currently the most advanced international passenger route.
Remarks: No fee will be paid if you do not attend.

📍 11:30-13:00 | 黄石寨
建议游览时间：About an hour and 30 minutes.
景点介绍
Yellowstone is the heart of Zhang’s natural heritage. It is a large luminous viewing platform in the landscape of Zhang’s sandstone forest. It is described as a “bunked view, a shrinking wonderland.” On the roof, you can see the whole of Zhang's National Forest Park. Yellowstone is a viewing area with a large number of outsiders in Zhang's home, where films like Avatar, TV shows "West Travel" and "Blood-Si".
The main tourist attractions are: the gods, the monkeys, the turtles, the mist, the calves, the five-finger peaks, the two-door guests, *** the starboard tablet, the six-chats.
Note : Yellowstone Salvatore to and from $118 per person at cost.

📍 15:00-15:20 | 金鞭溪
建议游览时间：Twenty minutes.
景点介绍
It's called the Great Canyon of the Golden Whip Creek, the Quacky Peaks of the Straits, the wind like paintings, the playful birds, the trees of Gooch, the ludicrous swimming fish, the view of the landscape, the three-step view, the ten-step peak, the three-foot, the eight-hundred, the name of the beautiful canyon of the world, fleeing the city and reaping its long-lasting vibe, so it's peaceful in the mountains.
The Golden Whip Creek has arranged for a tour of the fine part of the journey: the "Oxy Lair" square, the "Mother and Child Peak", the "Red Army Road", the "The Eagle Whip", the "Will of the West" scene filmmaker."
Or the Sherton Gardens Hotel, Zhang's border martial arts.
Zhang's National Forest Park.

📅 Day 4: 武陵观日出 a 天门山 a 天门山索道（保证A线票） a 玻璃栈道a 芙蓉镇 a 凤凰古城（夜景） a 沱江泛舟·湘见沱江
♪ The Mountain of Wumenu ♪

📍 09:00-09:40 | 武陵观日出
建议游览时间：About 40 minutes.
景点介绍
Rise and shine early (at 5 o'clock, get to the Peak of the Peak of the Peaks Hotel, place an order for a note and get up early, and be considered an automatic waiver of the sunrise if it is not noted or not possible to get up early)

📍 11:00-16:00 | 天门山【5小时深度全景游 ，游普通团到不了的景点】
建议游览时间：About five hours.
景点介绍
The National Forest Park (included) of Tianmen Mountain, known as Mount Yunmong, Mount Liang, has been named for natural wonder-holes and has long been listed as a historic mountain. The main peak, 1518.6 metres, was approved as the National Forest Park in July 1992. In 1999, the world was known for successfully hosting the Grand Prix of Flights of Aircraft Through Tianmen Mountain. On September 24, 2011, Jeb Corys, the world's wingsman, was wearing wings across the sky door hole to challenge the limit. Another extreme flight record has been created in human history.
Remarks:
1. Due to the strict examination of tickets, the area is required to declare a concessionary ticket but does not carry a preferential document or the certificate is invalid, to cancel the ticket temporarily, and to supplement the ticket with a loss of $60/person.
2. Five dollars for an environmental shoe set in the glass stack of Tianmen Mountain, 64 dollars for a two-way escalator/person (at cost)
In November/March, due to the high altitude and low temperature of the top of the mountain, you were asked to take an early approach to winter control (in thick feathers). If the snow-glass plume is frozen, you cannot walk, no price will be refunded.
In order to reduce the pressure of the queue, the area has a time-limited ticket appointment system, tickets have been scheduled well in advance, and guided tours have been rationalized according to the time of the appointment, and visitors ' friends are requested to cooperate with the tour schedule.
Line B: Quick Thread — Skygate Cave escalator — Quick Thread — Quick Thread Down
Line C: Quick Thread — Skygate escalator — Quick Thread Down
Line 1: Top to midstation on the Grand Soso Road, Skygate Hole escalator, environmental vehicle Down
Line 2: Environmental vehicles -- Skygate escalators to and from the sky gate -- mid-station Tianmen Shan Daso Road Down
The specific route is subject to random movement arrangements in the scenery and cannot be specified and returned at no price.

📍 13:00-13:30 | 天门山大索道
建议游览时间：About 30 minutes.
景点介绍
It's 745 meters long, the world's number one. The gap between upper and lower stations is 1279 metres, the world’s leading single-line cycle free-trapped-convulsion car-line, 98 of which come from the Swiss company CWA, which is 2 metres high, with individual prices of RMB 200,000. Because of the extraordinary height and complexity of the geological landscape along the Solo Road, the construction process was far more difficult than usual.

📍 15:00-15:30 | 天门洞
建议游览时间：About 30 minutes.
景点介绍
It's over 1260 metres above the wall, 131.5 metres high, 57 metres wide and 60 metres deep. According to geologists, the cavity of the cavity is the convection of the eastern and western layers of rock, which caused the rock to collapse as a result of crushing, and formed a cavity in 263. As the world's high-altitude natural penetrating caves, the sky door caves over a thousand search walls, like a door to the sky embedded in the sky.

📍 17:00-17:30 | 天门山灵泉
建议游览时间：About 30 minutes.
景点介绍
The spring, located east of the top of Tianmenu Mountain, is said to have sprung out of the rock on the left side of the top of the mountain, pouring out of the pool, overflowing with water into the gutter, and flying along the gutter into the entrance to the gate, which is the "plum rain." The springs, the cold, the sweet, the water is small, but they don't run out of water for four seasons a year, and the locals call the springs eight virtues and drink them to make them clear, cold, Sansa, Quan, 5 gm, 6 n, 7 n, 8 n.

📍 19:00-19:30 | 通天大道
建议游览时间：About 30 minutes.
景点介绍
It's also known as Passage Road. When the highway was finished, people were surprised.
Now, this is a 99-knock road that follows the mountain, and it's like "nine weights in the sky and nine knots in the clouds." But at this short distance, it rises sharply from 200 metres to 1,300 metres, with the walls on both sides of the street, the depths of the valleys, 180 degrees of rush, the layers pile up, and it is called "the Underground Highway."

📍 14:30-20:50 | 天门山玻璃栈道
建议游览时间：1 hour, 30 minutes.
景点介绍
It's 500 meters from the beginning of the Gorgeous Hole in Tianmen Mountain, with hard steel glass around it, metal bars, transparent glass at the bottom, 60 metres long, 1430 metres high, 1.6 metres wide. Walking through it, it's timid. Don't go if you're scared. In order for tourists to see a beautiful view through the glass bridge, which is a flawless one, visitors to the bridge are asking to wear shoes to keep the glass bridge transparent and clean. The stimuli of the glass canal are shaking.
Afternoon
The world-renowned glass corridor of the U.S. Grand Canyon, the Sky Road, is so beautiful that it has the reputation of the East Sky Road.
Zhang's family.
In the afternoon, a car was taken to the ancient town of Bu Yong, which hangs on the falls.

📍 20:50-21:50 | 芙蓉镇
建议游览时间：About an hour.
景点介绍
The town of Furung is the village of Yongsheng County, the Hwangxi-chi family of Hunan Province. It was once the capital of the Qin Han-Turkish King, known as Qinyang, and was known as Creek in five generations. To the north of the water is the main dock of Zhongyang, the Quan, the Qiang, the Qiang, the Qiang, the Qiang, and the Qiang. At the beginning of the 1980s, the film "Brown Town" was red, and now it's called "Brown Town."
Note: $68 per person, at cost

📍 20:50-22:20 | 沱江泛舟·湘见沱江
建议游览时间：About an hour and 30 minutes.
景点介绍
"Love back to the Side" Act 6. In the glamorous experience of luminous luminous luminous love stories between Mr. Shen Yuen's famous "The Side City" and his "Sweetness of Love" story, the new luminous luminous luminous image of the river and the inspirational audio and video. One step at a time, the fog locks the smoker, and the people are on a boat, the boat is on water, the water is in the view, as if they were in a beautiful gallery.
Huang.) Luxury, or Phoenix's Homemade Mangalam, or Phoenix's Maple Windham, or Phoenix's Precious Windham.

📅 Day 5: 凤凰古城 a 沈从文故居 a 万寿宫 a 张家界市区
♪ Phoenix ♪ ♪ North Gate House ♪ Housing

📍 09:00-11:00 | 凤凰古城 - 北门城楼、 沱江跳岩

📍 11:00-13:00 | 凤凰古城
建议游览时间：About two hours.

📍 13:00-13:30 | 北门城楼、 沱江跳岩
建议游览时间：About 30 minutes.
景点介绍
[North Gate + River Jumping Rock] (included) is located in the Qing River Road, north of Phoenix, which began in forty-three years (1704) as one of the main north-east routes into Phoenix. It's 100 meters long, 15 rock plumes are in turn on the bed of the river, 5 metres between the plume and the puddle, and it's paved with a plank, bound by a chain, on both sides of the river, in case of flooding.

📍 15:00-15:20 | 沈从文故居
建议游览时间：About 20 minutes.
景点介绍
The home of Mr. Shen Yuen, the father of the world's native literature, is one of the ancient buildings of the ancient phoenix culture, which is typical of the land complexes of the South. Here, Sir has completed his immortal works, The Side City, Autobiography, Research on China's Ancient Clothing.

📍 17:00-17:30 | 万寿宫
建议游览时间：Thirty minutes.
景点介绍
After a tour of the Man's Life Palace, she designed it so well, so well, so well, so well, so well, so well, so well, so well, so well, so well, so well, so well, so well, so well, so well, so well, so well, then, then, well, then, then, then, she's going to go back to her house, or she's going to go back to her porch, or she's going to the dragon, or she's going to be like a monster. Run!
Lou, it's a great view of architecture in the rain. The exhibit on the first floor is a relic from the Jiangxi Hall. The second floor is Mr. Huang Yong-yu's four-tier artistic truths: A Waterful Flour, The Straits of the River, The Land of Hogen, The Land of Never Return. So you can feel all the geniuses, all the learned, all the stubbornness, all the wiseness, all the prowl, all the love, all the principles...
Phoenix, Zhang's city.
When the attraction was finished, the car returned to downtown Zhang and arranged for a hotel.

📅 Day 6: 张家界 出发地
Free movement.

📍 09:00-13:00 | 自由活动
景点介绍
Zhang's family. Let's go.
Remarks:
One, the hotel is early. Make sure you have time. Don't miss your delicious breakfast.
Please check out by 12:00 to avoid additional room costs
Please keep your cell phone open so the staff can keep in touch.
