行程主标题
"One Day of the Great Wall of Mueda, with transport, tickets, a ferry, and an exterior view of the Kato's nest."

📅 Day 1: 北京 慕田峪长城
Muda's Great Wall.

📍 13:00-13:15 | 慕田峪长城
建议游览时间：Fifteen minutes.
景点介绍
Muda's Great Wall, located in Huairou District, Beijing, 73 km from Beijing City. It has a long history, a rich culture and a reputation for "the Great Wall, the Monopolies." In the landscape, the mountains are stacked, with vegetation cover of over 90 per cent. The Great Wall is 5,400 meters long and is one of the famous 16-views of Beijing, the AAA-class tourist zone.
Upon arrival at the view area, we will reach the gate and be safer and more resilient!
Direct receipt of tickets with guided tours. There is no queuing to buy tickets.
3. Touring the Wall, choosing the way to go, walking, cable, and Zodiac.
"Careful tip: $140/man, voluntary self-care."
The Great Wall, the nest, the water cube.
In the forest park near the nest, tourists can go to the nest and watch the night view themselves (the tourists can travel on the 8th subway to the Olympic Central Station).
Process
Notes
The above trip is for reference purposes only and may be fine-tuned to the actual situation.
Due to holidays, there may be traffic jams, resulting in delays in travel time, please understand.
Due to the tight terrain of the Wall and the limited duration of the tour, the tour guides recommend a cable car, which is not self-funded, and if the tour guides are forced to pay for their own expenses, call the ox phone.
