行程主标题
Chengdu+Chongqing4's new trend, visiting the city's wells alley, visiting Wonder Mountain City, playing cards and new landmarks, night-viewing films, hotels of choice, car comforts, 1st troupe, Kawasu High Iron Title Answer.

📅 Day 1: 预订城市 成都
Free movement.

📍 09:00-13:00 | 自由活动
景点介绍
Switchboard/take-over
You are expected to arrive at the local airport two hours before the plane takes off, take a flight to Chengdu. Specialized drivers take them to the hotel.
(1) The staff member will notify you of the details by 21 p.m. on the day before the trip, by text or telephone, please keep the telephones provided in the order free;
(2) The airport exit will provide only temporary stopovers and will require you to walk to the parking lot;
(3) The airport/station service is a car service, without waiting, going directly, not specifying a model, no cost, please be informed!
Free movement.
Recommended activities
No guidance, no car, no food during the campaign.
"Arrival in the morning."
I suggest you go to the old Chengdu's base-- People's Park, make teahouses, and experience ear-picking.
[Arrival at noon]
You can go and taste the local features, give the taste bud a spicy trick;
After dinner, you are advised to go to the raccoon brook and experience the meaning of Dooven's poems in White Sea. I'm sorry. "Looking at the river tower, chasing the old rhymes." Take a look at Chengdu's famous official, Red Wall Shadow. What I'm looking forward to, of course, is going to Old Man Street, watching drunk nights, and tasted the taste of the fragrance.
"Arrival at night."
It is recommended that you go to a sacred place where you can eat a real one. Throw away your work and enjoy your vacation!
Suggested time: 1 hour
Express Chengdu Jinniu, or New Hope for Wu Huu's Holidays Hotel (Holiday Inn Express Chengdu Wuhou)
The Simon Quishu Holidays Hotel is located in the north side of Cheng City. Line

📅 Day 2: 成都 a 熊猫基地 a 宽窄巷子 a 人民公园 a 春熙路--太古里 a蜀风雅韵川剧变脸
Big panda breeding research base, wide alleys, Chengdu People's Park, Chun Hee Road Walk Street, Oceanic Taiguri.

📍 11:30-15:30 | 大熊猫繁育研究基地
建议游览时间：About two hours.
景点介绍
A lot of people come running pandas. Pandas have them in many zoos, but they can gather more than 100 large pandas of different ages at a time, and only Chengdu panda bases. So if you don't want to see these kids, why don't you have fun?
There's a panda that's really fat, with radiant radiant rings, always blind, always alone, always having fun, eating, drinking, or lying, or eating, or walking on the road, always eating!

📍 15:30-16:30 | 宽窄巷子
建议游览时间：1 hour
景点介绍
You'll find the other side of the city.
It's made up of wide alleys, narrow alleys and well alleys, and it's a relatively large, ancient street. The alley is a whole block of old buildings where you can make a bowl of tea, eat Zongchuan food and experience the old Chengdu. The narrow alleys have been built in Qingmu and the early Western Ocean buildings, and they have been found in a recreational area dominated by Western eating culture, art and leisure. The well alley is a typical microcosm of folklore, which, in addition to the attractive brick culture wall, brings together the specialty snacks, folk stuff, etc.

📍 15:30-17:00 | 成都人民公园
建议游览时间：About an hour and 30 minutes.
景点介绍
To the park that Chengdu favors - People's Park. This place is full of plaza moms, all of them, the gang groups, the songs and dances, the songs and dances, and the country's prosperity!
You can make a bowl of tea in the cranes' tea club, and you can put it in the centennial tea club, half lying on a bamboo chair, listening to the past, and having a nice and easy time.
There's a tunnel in it, real life, leisure, self-interest, comfort. The hundred-year-old crane-thining teahouses are still full of noises, and the scavengers travel in search of guests.

📍 15:00-17:00 | 春熙路步行街 - 远洋太古里

📍 17:00-18:00 | 春熙路步行街
建议游览时间：About an hour.
景点介绍
Haruhi Road is one of the ancient commercial streets of Chengdu, and today's Haruhi Road is still very popular, and it has formed the middle of the city's booming business. And here we have a lot of brand stores, 100-year old malls, brand discounts, where people go shopping. Apart from shopping, there's a couple of big old restaurants in Chengdu that can eat all over the place.

📍 18:00-19:00 | 远洋太古里
建议游览时间：About 30 minutes.
景点介绍
When you come to Tai Gu, you'll realize that the fashion index here is no different than the North, and that this new business circle has replaced Chun Hee-lu's position as a new gathering ground for Chengdu. There's a big flag store in Gucci, a black apron in Starbucks, and so on, and there's a lot of big international foods. And the second Line Friends of the mainland, the Beasts, Fang.
Bosch and others like Red Landmarks can't help but come here and want to take a picture with their cell phone.
The literary youth can go to the side of the first floor and show it like a bookshop. But it's more design-oriented. The idea of "Underground Genesis" led to the selection of 15 bookstores in 2015 in the world.

📍 19:00-20:00 | 蜀风雅韵
建议游览时间：1 hour
景点介绍
You know, you used to be a famous Kawakawa theatre star, and you've been reuniting Kawachi's famous corner in recent years, and you've been putting on a nightly show called "The Classics, Folklore."
Play. Not only are they famous, they're being criticized by the local and foreign media. Between fingers, the pear garden re-emerges the past, the traditional hymns around the beam. It's all about Western civilization. ♪ Facing, throwing up fire, rolling lights ♪ Enter
Cut, no word. Listen to the old genre and don't dream about the three countries. Smell the sound of the brow and change the dog. It's the end of many years of handplay, back to the folk; the drums are squeaky back to the intestines, the joys are endless. The fragrance of the fragrance, the desire to rejuvenate the chalices, the re-emergence of the radiant music culture in the teahouse, and the return to the folk of the ingenuity. Today, Yun-hyun has become the famous folk culture club, the home of Chengdu and his family. "But the pear garden has a last love, and it's been stylish." Every night at the gates of the city, Hee-hee, the world is a play. It's the fragrance of the wind and rain. Yeah.
Note: Please be advised that this is a gift and that if you do not attend, for example, non-use or stoppage, there will be no refund.
Express Chengdu Jinniu, or New Hope for Wu Huu's Holidays Hotel (Holiday Inn Express Chengdu Wuhou)
The Siemens Holidays Hotel, located in the north side of Chengdu Road, is geographically unique and accessible; far from subway line 5, it can lead to the World Wide Plaza writing building, the Southwest Transport University, the Golden Wanda Square.
Hotels are filled with luxurious business circles, and travel to Chengdu's narrow alleys, the Inner Mahal Museum, the Kimsha site, the Sheep Palace, Wuhui, Jin Ri, etc., to enjoy the comforts and enjoy the beauty of the "The Kingdom of Heaven" people. The hotel's surrounding shopping, entertainment, leisure places are perfect for your needs, and you have an unparalleled overvalue experience.
The hotel became a “wise choice” for business stoppages with quality sleep, smooth ablution facilities, networks, nutritious breakfasts and friendly and efficient services. Hotels have over 100 comfortable rooms, special restaurants and two conference rooms with a total capacity of 200 people; family guests are also entitled to Kids Eat
The Free (Child Feeding) scheme benefits. Whether it's vacation or official, let the Chengdu Simen Holidays Hotel be your ideal home for your next visit to Chengdu.

📅 Day 3: 高铁前往重庆 a 磁器口古镇 a 李子坝轻轨观光 a 长江索道 a解放碑 洪崖洞 来福士广场 两江游
Magnificent Guangcheng - Qing Chongqing Expedition

📍 15:30-16:30 | 磁器口古镇
建议游览时间：1 hour
景点介绍
Magnetic Guangzhou, near Chongqing City, used to be a hot water dock, stomping on the pebble road, eating the local food, sitting in a teahouse and feeling the old Chongqing's troupe. Because it's close to the city, the town is now a good place for citizens to enjoy themselves. There are more than a dozen streets in ancient town, both of which are built with a clear style. The town is able to taste local foods and snacks. It's the town's "food strike." And the famous one is "Magflower Chan."

📍 11:00-11:15 | 李子坝轻轨穿墙 游览外观
建议游览时间：About 15 minutes.
景点介绍
In Chongqing, mountains are cities, cities are mountains, walking in a city like this, with no fancy means of transport, and it's really "no turning." At the plum dam, every few minutes, there's a light track along this green-oiled orbit to the station.

📍 13:00-13:30 | 长江索道
建议游览时间：About 30 minutes.
景点介绍
Yangtze River Cableway, located in Chongqing, China, is the second Thongqing Thongsao Road (art. 1 is Kayan River Road), which has been in operation for almost 30 years and is known as the "Article 1 Air Corridor of the Bandi Yangtze River" and the "Mount City Airbus".

📍 15:00-16:30 | 重庆解放碑
建议游览时间：About an hour and 30 minutes.
景点介绍
Emancipated monuments are marked buildings at the intersection of the Central City of Chongqing Civil Rights Road, the National Road and the Zouong Road. Only one monument in the country that commemorates the victory of the Chinese nation in the war against Japan is called the “Persons of People's Liberation”, which represents peace and liberation. It is a historical testimony to the victory and liberation of Chongqing.

📍 17:30-19:20 | 洪崖洞
建议游览时间：1 hour
景点介绍
The flood cliff cave is a good place to visit the old streets of Mount City, watch the two rivers and taste the local food. It consists of four parts of paper salt river bar street, Tianjin Road, Food Street, and the city balcony, with 11 floors from the bottom to the top, with different compartments, restaurants, bars and specialty shops. It's about a hiking building that's built in a traditional building. It's like a mountain. It's like a mountain.
Ziu Bong Bong Hotpot:
One, Twisted Net Red. Not only is there a special dance, but it's also very nice!
Pie's old hot pot: Hot pots and cathedrals.
3 Changja River Tou Hotpot: A pot full of ceremonial feelings, where you can see the flood cliff hole across the street, the great theatre, the Gangbei mouth. I saw a beautiful night on the way to the south coast.
4. South Mountain Firehouses: The legend is that a mountain firepot has been contracted, and the whole garden has been made up with a colored light, a new look, and a 1,000 table of fire pots is particularly impressive.

📍 19:00-19:20 | 来福士广场 游览外观
建议游览时间：About 20 minutes.
景点介绍
The image of Chongqing's Fuss Square is called "Show Up the Sky" and is located at the Skygate of the two rivers, designed by the world's famous architect Moses Safdi. The whole project, which implies the spirit of the festivities of "showing away" , exemplifies the beauty of the Zhongqing. Of these, the design concept of six towers is rooted in the Chongqing shipping culture, which is shaped into strong sails on the river by 350 and 250 meters, respectively. The bright spots of the project, which connects four towers to the 60-storey “crystal corridor” 300 metres high, will bring public spaces and city gardens to the top of Chongqing, inside the bridge, and to the bottom of the river.

📍 20:20-21:20 | 两江游
建议游览时间：About an hour.
景点介绍
"No night view, no Chongqing." It's a great pity that no night view has been received. It's a unique city style, where people, regardless of their position, can appreciate the layers of superheavy lights. On the night of Chongqing, it was bewitched and dazzled by the lights and the blinking neon dots, rewinding in the glare of the river. If Beijing is the "atmosphere" in Shanghai, then the "at night" at Chongqing is the "momentation"! The "twilight" is a tactful business card that combines the celebratory mountain waters with the famous celebratory nightlight; it is a window that allows the outside world to look in the face, the stereo, the dynamics, the whole place, the distance, the knowledge of the celebratory and the glamour, the journey of two rivers at night, just as it is in the stars, the lights on both sides, the light of the moon, the light of the moon, the light of the river, the light of the river, the light of the tea, the world's trouble. The clouds are clear, the lights are bright, the trees and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars...

📅 Day 4: 重庆 返回城市
Free movement.

📍 09:00-13:00 | 自由活动
景点介绍
Suggested time: 30 minutes
Sender/port
Please arrange a reasonable time for our drivers to pick you up at the hotel at the pre-arranged time (the staff member will contact you by telephone or text at 2000 p.m. before departure to check the flight information and make a specific agreement, and keep the cell number of the order open).
(1) Delivery time is generally appropriate for two to three hours before the flight takes off and one hour before the terminal, and may also be earlier to ensure smooth travel and to take into account ground traffic;
(2) If you return after 12 noon, pay attention to the hotel check-out, check out early and arrange your own activities (the luggage may be deposited at the hotel reception). When you arrive at the airport or station, perform your own on-boarding or related formalities (e.g. include specific flight information, car movement information should be reserved for the next step) and return to the place of departure and end the pleasant journey.
Suggested time: 1 hour
Suggested time: 1 hour
