行程主标题
Panda Base in Chengdu + Dufuc Hall + 1 Day in Wu Zhuang + 2-person iron hair + free-riding + travel + door to door

📅 Day 1: 成都 a 成都大熊猫繁育研究基地 a 杜甫草堂 a 武侯祠 a 锦里古街 返回原集中出发地点
Chengdu's Panda Production Research Base Tickets.

📍 09:00-12:00 | 成都大熊猫繁育研究基地 - 金沙遗址博物馆景点 · 成都大熊猫繁育研究基地 含首道门票
建议游览时间：About 3 hours
景点介绍
Chengdu's big panda breeding research base, where tourists can look at lovely pandas at close range, and they're very popular. The base has other rare animals like pandas.
♪ Play a little plan ♪
I: Special reminders:
1. Access to the campus is subject to the application of a time-limited introduction (tentative morning or afternoon) of the original of his/her valid identity card to be filled in at the time of the appointment, whichever is the actual date of the appointment. The process may be reordered or replaced by other attractions.
Early admission to the park: There are a large number of visitors to Chengdu's research base for panda breeding, and early entry is recommended to avoid overcrowding and long waiting periods.
3. Cars can be used at your own expense: If time is limited or physical capacity is insufficient, you may choose to take a cruise at a reference price of $30.
Four, the garden restaurant has bamboo chords, roses and roses, a culinary meal, a screech, sugar, fresh food, Dex, panda powder theme, Jinjiang Panda Food City, Panda Cook.
5. The base was closed on New Year ' s Eve. The base has been experimenting with animal rotation, and on Monday it is not possible to see "flowers" for a temporary trial in the area of large panda villas, which has a large number of year-old visitors.
6. When the outdoor temperature is above 26°C, the park pandas are moved to the indoor veterinary complex to stay cool. Since there is no room for an in-house exhibition hall in some of the gardens, there may be a situation where the heart can't be seen.
7 Lecture services: The Base offers a fee-paying self-study lecture on the project at the South Gate Square and West Gate Visitors Centre.
II: Travel route (for reference only):
Route one: the South Gate — the Big Panda Museum — the Large Adult Panda House — the Big Adult Panda House — the Big Panda Solar House — the Big Panda Moon Production Room — the Game Day House — the Sun Day Museum — the Cloud Day Museum — the Mall of the Sun — the Big Panda Walk Street — the Moon Palace — the Moon Museum — the Autumn Moon Palace — the Mountain Palace — and the West Gate. (approximately 4 hours)
Route II: West Gate - Mountain Moon - Cloud Moon - Ming Moon - Gang Moon - Panda Tower - Big Panda 1 - Little Panda Production Room
♪ Panda Number 2 Sun House ♪ Big panda.
Afternoon
Afternoon
Afternoon
The Museum - South Gate.
3. Route three: South gate - the adult panda house - The big panda house – the big panda solar room – the big panda moon room – the big panda house – the big panda house – the little panda house – the little panda field – the big panda house – the big panda house – the big panda museum – the south gate. (approximately 2.5 hours)

📍 11:00-13:00 | 金沙遗址博物馆 含首道门票
建议游览时间：About two hours.
景点介绍
In case of closed garden or full appointment, change to "Kinsa Museum/Windly Lane" or other view area

📍 13:00-14:30 | 杜甫草堂 含首道门票
建议游览时间：About an hour and 30 minutes.
景点介绍
The Tufu House is the home of the Chinese poet Dom Dynasty. At the time, Duft had taken his family here to escape the Anshire.
Everyone, with the help of friends, built a hut called the Chengdu House. Dufus lived here for almost four years and created poetry for a lot of people, like Spring Nights and Rains and the Shacks and the Winds. The architecture here is so pristine, the garden is so beautiful, it's both classical and poetic.
♪ Play a little plan ♪
1 Play route: the main entrance to the Grand Poetry Hall, the Ministry of Industry, and the temples of the Hill. Dom Dynasty's site is full of plasters. South gate.
Watch this place:
The house is home: it gives people a visual view of the life of Dov.
This is one of the landmarks.
Poetry History: Showing Duval's poetry and life experience.
The Ministry of Industry: Duft was named as the Foreign Minister of the Ministry.
Tung Dynasty Monuments: Some of Tang Dynasty's relics can be traced.
The Grand Hall: There are large coloured murals and many famous poet statues.
A bouquet: the red wall trap, the most interesting, is the ideal place to take pictures and get a card.
The garden garden: the pelvis art of different shapes shows the beauty of the garden.
Shadowwall: It has a unique cultural rhyme.

📍 15:00-16:30 | 武侯祠 含首道门票
建议游览时间：About an hour and 30 minutes.
景点介绍
It is not only an important cultural landmark for Chengdu, but also a key place to study the history of the three countries. It attracts a large number of visitors and historical and cultural lovers to visit and to make people feel that this vast history and deep cultural depth.
♪ Play a little plan ♪
I: Self-service rental lecture service: 30 yuan per second for rental and 200 yuan per station for deposit (additional payment by guests and personal processing in the museum).
II: View the relics.
1. Tang Monsignor (Stamp of the Monsignor of Gowu): This is one of the treasures of the town of the Queen of Wu.
Afternoon
2. The Bronze Scroll Machine: Capt. 13.3 cm, Bronze 6.7 cm wide, 15.3 cm high, and Bronze foundry.
Modern Chen Zhiqing, "Berson outside Jin City": The painting was written under the title "Where to find the Prime Minister's Hall, outside Jin City" in Doo-Sun.

📍 17:00-18:30 | 锦里古街
建议游览时间：About an hour and 30 minutes.
景点介绍
Cinrigo Street, walking in it, enjoying the ancient fragrance of buildings and streets. Visiting a variety of specialty shops on the street, such as traditional handicraft shops, snack shops, etc., which taste sugary fruit, three cannons, etc. Go to the middle of Old Street, there's some buildings like the Old Theatre that can take pictures.
♪ Play a little plan ♪
Here are some food recommendations for Cinrigo Street:
One, three cannons: made of rice, evaporated with red sugar, mixed with soybeans, sesame fragrance, sweet taste.
Beef croissants: roasted with butter, made of beef pie, then fried, fragrance.
Three, Spicy Spicy Snack: It's all there is to buy on Cinrigo Street, it's all fragrance, it looks hot, it's not hot.
4 Fertilizer: Spicy, with special intestines, can be tasted as a snack or a special meal.
Sweet water surfaces: thick noodles with sweet and spicy sauces, the entrances are chewy and tastes unique.
6. Sugar berries: raw materials made of rice, sesame and sugar, soft and sweet.
7. Roast chickens: The taste is sour in the fragrance of the spicy and fragrance of the veggie foods.
8 - Yells: Pumps such as pork and sprouts wrapped in rice, evaporated for consumption, soft for taste, delicious taste.
9 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
10, Pineapple: Steaming pineapple meat with rice rice, sweet pineapple and fresh fragrance.
When the journey is complete, we will be responsible for returning you safely to your place of origin, drawing a perfect end to this pleasant journey. If you have a need for a car beyond the established end-of-mission schedule, an additional fee is required, the details of which can be consulted with the vendor, subject to a consensus between the parties.
Process
Notes
The itinerary is reasonably sequenced according to the actual circumstances, but does not reduce the itinerary
