行程主标题
I've got two people on the road, and I've got one car, one car, one hotel, one car, one car, one car, one car, one car, and one tour.

📅 Day 1: 全国各地 北京
Free movement.

🍜 18:00-19:00 | 晚餐推荐
餐厅背景
Take care of yourself today. Enjoy your meal.

📅 Day 2: 【祈福文化】天坛通票（含祈年殿 ，回音壁 ，圜丘） 【红色文化】天安门广场（毛主席纪念堂） 【皇城文化】故宫深度游
- Tiananmen Square.

🍜 10:30-12:30 | 早餐推荐
餐厅背景
..a hotel morning ca11 .

📍 10:30-11:50 | 【天坛公园】（通票 ：含祈年殿、 回音壁、 圜丘 ）
建议游览时间：About an hour and 20 minutes.
景点介绍
To visit the world's cultural heritage.
It is the holy place of the two generations of Emperor Menchun's prayer valley, the summer rain, and winter to sacrifice. Beijing is located in the south-eastern part of the former Beijing outer city, so the palace is south-east, east of the Jungyang Gate. It was built in the 18 years (1420) of Ying Lo, China's ancient Ming and Qing Dynasty.

🍜 12:00-13:00 | 午餐推荐
餐厅背景
The tour guides recommend Beijing food or snacks.
One, the palace may be an important reminder of the failure of the appointment, and therefore the tickets will be limited. We will help you to get tickets (with a very high success rate) and we will not be able to make sure that you know it and understand it.
2. If it is not possible to obtain tickets to the Home Palace, arrangements will be made for the return of the difference in the price of the ticket between the Park of Sagesan (the palace) or the Queen of the North Sea or the Son of the Temple.
3. Please understand that the Palace closes on Monday and adjusts its schedule to the actual situation.

📍 15:00-17:00 | 天安门广场 - 人民英雄纪念碑

📍 17:00-17:30 | 天安门广场
建议游览时间：About 30 minutes.
景点介绍
To the city centre square - 880 metres north and south, 500 metres east and west, 440,000 square metres, in the centre of Beijing, which can accommodate 1 million people for a big rally. Tiananmen Square was a palace square outside the gates of the Forbidden City of the time of the feudal monarchy, surrounded by walls on the eastern, western and southern sides of the land by ordinary people.

📍 11:00-17:30 | 人民英雄纪念碑
建议游览时间：About 10 minutes.
景点介绍
It's in the heart of Tiananmen Square in Beijing. On 30 September 1949, at its first plenary session, the Chinese People ' s Political Consultative Conference decided to erect a memorial to the people ' s heroes in Beijing, the capital, in honour of the heroes who died in the People ' s Liberation War and the People ' s Revolution. At 6 p.m. on the same day, the delegates to the Chinese People ' s Political Consultative Conference held a foundation ceremony for the building of a monument in the front square of Tiananmen Gate. After extensive discussion throughout the country, the tablets were determined. In 1961, the Memorial of the People ' s Heroes was published by the State Council of the People ' s Republic of China as one of the first national priority cultural heritage protection units. The memorial to the people's hero lies north of President Mao's Memorial Hall.

📅 Day 3: 【热血升旗】 【长城文化】八达岭长城/慕田峪长城（ 二选一）
A flag-raising ceremony - the Great Wall of the Oda Ridge or the Great Wall of the Mueda - - a bird's nest of ice strips, a tour of the palace.

🍜 12:00-14:00 | 早餐推荐
餐厅背景
Hotel morning ca11. Breakfast packed.
As a result of the earlier flag-raising ceremony, and in order not to interfere with your tour time, the hotel's self-help breakfast has been packed for breakfast today.

📍 12:00-12:30 | 升旗仪式
建议游览时间：About 30 minutes.
景点介绍
Every day at sunrise, the flag-raising ceremony was a high-profile sacred ceremony in Tiananmen Square, which attracted thousands of tourists gathered here and watched with excitement the five-star red flag flying in the sky.
1. The daily flag-raising ceremony varies from one day to another and is based on guided tour announcements.
Please follow the order of the scene and follow the orders of the public security officers present.

📍 13:00-15:00 | 八达岭长城或慕田峪长城（ 2选1 ）
建议游览时间：About two hours.
景点介绍
The Great Wall of the Great Wall is the most beautiful section of the Wall's building, where it is the top of the country's 10 largest landscapes. In 1972, the President of the United States, Nixon, said on the Wall, "Only a great nation can make such a great Wall." In 2009, United States President Barack Obama also said on the Wall: "Here, we would like to express our great admiration for Chinese civilization."
It's in Huairou, Beijing, 73 km from Beijing. It has a long history, a rich culture and a reputation for "the Great Wall, the Monopolies." In the landscape, the mountains are stacked, with vegetation cover of over 90 per cent. The Great Wall is 5,400 meters long and is one of the famous 16-views of Beijing, the AAA-class tourist zone.
1. Due to the distance of the Wall from the urban area (about 80 km), the call for a tour of the Wall was made earlier that day.
After boarding the Wall, you will be freely visited by tourists, and the tour guide will take you to the Wallscape.
3. The option is to climb the Wall on foot or in a taxi/cable, at a cost of $140 per person.
4. Please comment on the default of the Great Wall of the Eight Deltas.

🍜 13:00-17:30 | 午餐推荐
餐厅背景
Today's catering.

🍜 17:30-19:30 | 午餐推荐
餐厅背景
Today it's breakfast; take care of yourself. Enjoy yourself some Beijing food or a snack.

📍 17:30-17:50 | 鸟巢书立方冰丝带 游览外观
建议游览时间：About 20 minutes.
景点介绍
National stadium.
In the south of the central district of Beijing Olympic Park, the main stadium for the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games. The Olympic Games, the Paralympic Games, the closing ceremony, the track and the football finals. The shape of the stadium is like a nest and cradle that breeds life, placing hope in the future.
National Swimming Centre
It is one of the logos of the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games, which was built with contributions from Hong Kong and Australian compatriots.
The National Swinging Hall.
In the 22nd Beijing Winter Olympics, a new ice competition in Beijing.

📍 21:00-22:30 | 恭王府
建议游览时间：About an hour and 30 minutes.
景点介绍
The Qing Dynasty is the capital of Qing Dynasty, which was once the home of the King and the Emperor of Qing Dynasty, and the King of Qingxia, who loved Zhilong Yong Dynasty during the Qing Dynasty, and the Qing Dynasty of the Qing Dynasty gave the house the name of Qing Dynasty to Zhuin Zhilong.
The Qin capital, which covers 60,000 square metres of land, is divided into sites and gardens, has more than 30 different architectural complexes, has undergone the historical process of the Qing Dynasty, which has led to the death of the Qing Dynasty, and has carried a wealth of historical and cultural information.
(In the event of a failure to schedule a success or closure due to holidays or other government activities, the visit will be made to the Queen of Kong Temple without further notice.)

📍 23:00-23:30 | 什刹海
建议游览时间：About 30 minutes.
景点介绍
The Shisha Sea is the historical and cultural tourist attraction of Beijing City and the historical and cultural reserve of Beijing City. Including the three waters and adjacent areas of the former sea, the rear sea and the west sea (also known as cisterns), echoes the “first three seas”, commonly known as the “last three seas”. Many of the ancient buildings in the Shisha Seascape have taken a prominent place in the history of the construction and development of cities in Beijing, as well as in the history of the political and cultural scenes.
Houses, buildings, buildings, temples, halls, halls.

📍 01:00-01:30 | 【胡同文化】赠老北京堂会/黄包车胡同游
建议游览时间：About 30 minutes.
景点介绍
Select between two and one items, please choose according to your preference and give up without refund.
The tour guides recommend Beijing food or snack dinner: adults, children.
The tour guides recommend Beijing food or snacks.

📅 Day 4: 【园林文化】颐和园 【自由选】圆明园或雍和宫或孔庙国子监或香山公园或恭王府或北海公园或清华艺博或首博（8选1） 外观清华/北大 温馨的家
♪ Ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho

🍜 08:00-09:00 | 早餐推荐
餐厅背景
Hotel morning ca11. Hotel breakfast.

📍 11:00-13:00 | 颐和园
建议游览时间：About two hours.
景点介绍
A tour of China's existing large-scale forest, which preserves the whole of the royal forest -- the Gardens.
Lake Kunming of Beibo, a beautiful mountain of life, a tour of the Fao-Chang, a long porch, a stone, Suzhou Street, a 17-kun bridge, a fun park, a grand stage, etc. (Travel time is about two hours)

📍 13:00-15:00 | 圆明园
建议游览时间：About two hours.
景点介绍
It sits on the north-west outskirts of Beijing, adjacent to it, and is made up of Homing Park, Changchun Park and Manchun Park, also known as Roundy Three. The Doom Garden is one of the famous royal forest of Qing Dynasty, which covers more than 5,200 acres and 150 viewes. The building covers 160,000 square metres and is called "Ten million Gardens". The Qing Dynasty will come here every summer. It's also called "Hare Palace."
The default selection of the dot park area, if any, should be notified in advance to make an appointment;
2. Sansan Park is characterized by seasonal titanium. Please pay attention in advance to the data published by the park ' s official chromosome rate of red leaf, and recommend that the mid-October period be better;

📍 18:00-18:20 | 外观清华或北大 游览外观
建议游览时间：About 20 minutes.
景点介绍
Qinghua's predecessor, the Qinghua School, was founded on April 26, 1911, when the United States “refunded” part of the “gig's compensation” to set up a preparatory school for the United States. In 1912, the Qinghua School was renamed Qinghua School. The Ministry of Universities was set up in 1925, began enrolling four-year university students and opened a college (National School). In 1928, the name was changed to “National University of Qinghua”, with departments of literature, law, science, engineering, etc.
It was born in 1898, the first national university in China.
The beginning of higher education.
Sender/ drop-off service: arrange for a drop-off/ drop-off station to end the journey to a remarkable capital and return to a nice home! (It is recommended that guests choose the number of flights after 1800)
