行程主标题
I'm going to have a private tour with two people, and I'm going to make a special trip.

📅 Day 1: 出发地 北京
Free movement.

📍 09:00-13:00 | 自由活动
景点介绍
Welcome to Beijing. It's an ancient charisma of history, a vast path, a magnificent doorway, a great palace, everything is like a distant, long history story.
When you arrive in Beijing, take the driver to the hotel (usually you will not be able to reach you until you reach the airport or the high iron station for half an hour. Keep your mobile phone open). Please check in at the front desk, using the guided tour alerts.
Connector/station service: We offer you 24 hours free of charge. (If special circumstances such as flight/train delays, re-signing, etc. do not permit access, the guide will inform the guest to call to the hotel, so that the invoice is stored and reimbursed.)
Free movement.
Suggested time: 3 hours to recommend activities
It's your choice of purpose, based on your interests. Land
Beijing is a fascinating city, with small alleys, old teahouses, new tide bar streets, luxurious commercial areas, infinite Morden elements that intersect with the taste of the old Beijing tunnel, building a deeply rooted cultural base and a decent and decent lifestyle.
Ho: South Twilight Lane, Scephatia, Five Camps, East Punctuation Road, Yang Mei-sheung Street, etc.
Net reds: Drumhouse Street, Peace Bureau, Fretilation Museum, 798 art districts, Bell Books, etc.
Parent-child category: Museum of Nature, Museum of Animals, Museum of Automobiles, Museum of Star Art, etc.
Religions: Zhutai Palace, White Cloudview, 8 major places, Queen's Dill Lords Cathedral, Fargen Temple, etc.
Shopping type: West single, Royal Well, SKP, World Trade Class, Blue Harbor, Taiguri, etc.
Foods: Cattle Street, Bull Street, Front Street, Back Sea, Triton, Temple of the Protector, Temple of the Nation, etc.
Hot Spring Hotel, four star class, or Qian Men Jian Guo Hotel, or Beijing Pudi Hotel
1. The hotel is in no place to move, and it refuses to drive.
2. Since some of the business hotels receive only mainland ID visitors, you must inform your guests in advance of any travels by foreign tourists or Hong Kong Chinese nationals. Current
Query, otherwise there will be an uninhabitable situation on the ground. Please understand the consequences.
3. Since Beijing is the center of politics, hotels are often requisitioned by the government and meetings, such as the hot seasons, the government requisitions, etc., we will arrange for a standard hotel not below the original level. Please understand!
4. Alternative hotel random arrangements do not accept designation, please understand.
5 Most hotels in the city have large beds. If you need a space, make a note in advance, we will try to arrange it, but we can't guarantee that you actually check in.
1: You will receive a telephone or text message from the tour guide prior to 2100 p.m. the day before your arrival in Beijing, informing you about your trip. Please keep your phone open and wait patiently.
1 : This line ticket is for a network ticket (high iron/car ticket) and requires your ID to pass for the ticket to be issued. You can choose the number of the car you want.
1: Hotels usually stay after 14:00. If you arrive earlier, you can keep your luggage at the front desk and hang around the hotel for a while. You are required to pay the hotel deposit at the front desk at which some hotels are occupied.
2 : If you have a special request for a room type in the itinerary (large bed/ double bed/ triple bed, etc.), please provide an explanation in advance of the schedule. Our division will try to arrange this, but it cannot be assured that it will be confirmed at the front desk of the hotel on the same day. Please understand.
3 : If you only have one person to travel, please fill in before you travel. This line does not provide a collage service.
4 : The child defaults not to take up the bed, without breakfast. If you need breakfast, buy breakfast at the entrance to the early restaurant. The guide and the travel cow cannot buy it for you.
1: Our division arranges a 24-hour care connector/station, which usually takes you half an hour before you arrive at an airport or a high iron station to transport the master to you. Please keep your mobile phone open.
If you cannot arrange a taxi to a hotel in exceptional circumstances, save your ticket receipt and apply for reimbursement on the basis of an invoice.
2 : Some of the guests who arrive and leave close to the time, we'll arrange for a car-to-car carriage, and the terminal/tomb will take different hotels along the way. Each order provides only one carpool/station and one carpool/port, which cannot be arranged by the same order many times or more, and if you need to do so, separate the order by traffic.
1 : The child price in this route is defined as 2-12 years of age (other than having) no bed, and includes: travel space, meals, tickets and appointments for children, guided tours, and other expenses (e.g. breakfasts are extremely expensive).
2 : Children above 1.49 metres may directly choose the adult price, and students, etc., may be offered a discount.
This product has a 4-6-day itinerary, which is about the same. You can choose from your own vacation. You will usually use a car to play together.

📅 Day 2: 天安门广场 毛主席纪念堂 【故宫3H深度游】（赠珍宝馆或钟表馆） 恭王府、 什刹海 赠黄包车胡同游/老北京堂会表演(二选一）
Tiananmen Square - Queen's Hall - Shishahai - Queen's Hall

🍜 08:00-09:00 | 早餐推荐
餐厅背景
Hotel morning ca11. Hotel breakfast.

📍 11:00-11:40 | 天安门广场
建议游览时间：About 40 minutes.
景点介绍
To the city centre square, where a flag pole, a memorial to the people's hero, a memorial to President Mao's Memorial Hall and a building in the city of Jungyang, along Beijing's central axis, was raised from north to south, Tiananmen Square documented the indomitable spirit of the revolution and the fearless heroism of the Chinese people, the place where countless major political and historical events took place and witnessed China's history from decline to rise.
President Mao's Memorial is on the south side of the People's Heroes Memorial at Tiananmen Square.
It took place in May 1977, accounting for more than 57,000 square metres, with a total construction area of 28,000 square metres. The main body is in square form, with 44 pillars of the yellow granite building built by Fortune, which contain plasters from Guangzhou Rock Bay, and granite pastings from Tung Qingtao. The roof has two layers of glass under which the sunflowers are cast. The base is on two floors, ** all of which are made of date red granite around the river of Sichuan, surrounded by a thousand-year-old bouquets. This is followed by the appearance [People's Hall], [National Museum], [National Theatre].
1 More than 10 members of President Mao's Memorial Hall will be able to make a team visit and up to 10 will be required to make an appointment by their own name. If you need to come in and ask for an appointment guide, we will assist in making an appointment.
2. Please enter and maintain a queue at the designated position of the staff member with valid papers. If an appointment is scheduled to be completed or a policy closed, change to look.
3. President Mao ' s Memorial Hall will not be allowed to enter with his bags, cameras, canteens, etc., and will be submitted to the guided tour and then lined up, during which each person will be required to conduct site screening.
4. The Tiananmen Square is heavily populated, so please take care of your luggage so as not to lose it.

📍 14:00-17:00 | 故宫
建议游览时间：About 3 hours
景点介绍
A tour of the world's larger ancient royal palace complex -- the luxuries of the royal palace.
So the palace is in the center of Beijing, formerly known as the Forbidden City. It was built in the 18th year (1420) of Ming Dynasty Young Lok, an ancient palace of Ming and Qing, an unmatched masterpiece of ancient buildings, and an ancient complex of larger and more complete wood structures. The entire palace is made up of two parts, the “Face” and the “Needs”, surrounded by walls. All around the river. The corner of town has an corner. There's a door on all sides. It's the noon gate.
Door.
"So the palace is new, the jubilee court, the professional guide, the deep play" -- the cow takes you away from tradition and refuses to walk the horse and the flower!
Visiting route for the oxidians: The Gate of Noon, the Temple of Peace, the Temple of Peace, the Palace of Peace. Kowloon's Hall, Princess Jane's Gardens, Wumen.
1. There shall be no parking areas and no parking areas in the vicinity of the Movimentary Landscape.
The lunch schedule was late that day, so please prepare your own snacks to eat.
3 If it is not possible to get the tickets to the palace, arrange for:

📍 14:00-16:00 | 恭王府 - 什刹海-赠黄包车胡同游/老北京堂会表演(二选一）

📍 17:00-18:30 | 恭王府
建议游览时间：About an hour and 30 minutes.
景点介绍
KIM's palace is located on Haishi Street, in the western part of Beijing, and it is a complex of palaces and gardens that we have preserved. The palace is about 31,000 square meters, divided into buildings on the Central, East, West, and Three Roads, which run through the strict axes and enter the courtyard. Group
Done. The site is not only generous, but also high-level construction, clearly marked by the number of doors and houses.
There are five front doors, seven in the front house, five in the back room, seven in the back room, and one around. The number of Crown sites below the Prince ' s rank must not exceed those figures. The form of the house, the color of the house, can't be exceeded. There are three courtyards in the centre, east and west of the capital, and the two courtyards in each of them are the main areas that people are going to visit.

📍 19:00-19:50 | 什刹海-赠黄包车胡同游/老北京堂会表演(二选一）
建议游览时间：About 50 minutes.
景点介绍
The Shisha Sea is the historical and cultural tourist attraction of Beijing City and the historical and cultural reserve of Beijing City. Including the three waters and adjacent areas of the former sea, the rear sea and the west sea (also known as cisterns), echoes the “first three seas”, commonly known as the “last three seas”. Many of the ancient buildings in the Shisha Seascape have taken a prominent place in the history of the construction and development of cities in Beijing, as well as in the history of the political and cultural scenes.
Houses, buildings, buildings, temples, halls, halls.
Please choose between two or two items and give up without refund.

🍜 12:00-13:00 | 故宫网红冰窖餐厅- 王母卤肉饭

🍜 18:00-19:00 | 南门涮肉（后海店）

📅 Day 3: 升旗仪式 八达岭长城/慕田峪长城（二选一） 鸟巢水立方冰丝带（外观） 天坛通票（含祈年殿、 回音壁、 圜丘）
Flag raising ceremony - > Odala Ridge Wall or Muda Wall

🍜 08:00-09:00 | 早餐推荐
餐厅背景
Hotel morning ca11.
As a result of the earlier flag-raising ceremony, and in order not to interfere with your tour time, the hotel's self-help breakfast has been packed for breakfast today.

📍 11:00-11:30 | 升旗仪式
建议游览时间：About 30 minutes.
景点介绍
Every day at sunrise, the flag-raising ceremony was a high-profile sacred ceremony in Tiananmen Square, which attracted thousands of tourists gathered here and watched with excitement the five-star red flag flying in the sky.
1. The daily flag-raising ceremony varies from one day to another and is based on guided tour announcements.
Please follow the order of the scene and follow the orders of the public security officers present.

📍 13:30-14:30 | 八达岭长城或慕田峪长城（ 二选一）
建议游览时间：About two hours.
景点介绍
"The Great Wall of the Great Wall"
The Great Wall of the Eight Dynasty is a very fine section of the Great Wall's architecture. It's one of the most beautiful places in the country.
In 1972, the President of the United States, Nixon, said on the Wall, "Only a great nation can make such a great Wall." In 2009, United States President Barack Obama also said on the Wall: "Here, we would like to express our great admiration for Chinese civilization." (Travel time is about two hours)
It's in Huairou, Beijing, 73 km from Beijing. It has a long history, a rich culture and a reputation for "the Great Wall, the Monopolies." In the landscape, the mountains are stacked, with vegetation cover of over 90 per cent. The Great Wall is 5,400 meters long and is one of the famous 16-views of Beijing, the AAA-class tourist zone.
1. Due to the distance of the Wall from the urban area (about 80 km), the call for a tour of the Wall was made earlier that day.
After boarding the Wall, you will be freely visited by tourists, and the tour guide will take you to the Wallscape.
3. The option is to climb the Wall on foot or in a taxi/cable, at a cost of $140 per person.

🍜 14:30-16:30 | 早餐推荐

📅 Day 5: 北京 - 自由活动 送机/送站
Free movement.

🍜 08:00-09:00 | 早餐推荐
餐厅背景
Enjoy the hotel breakfast.
Free movement.
Recommended activities
Recommended:
The front door street is on the south side of the center of Beijing, the famous commercial street in Beijing. There's a lot of old-name restaurants, shops, and a lot of snacks all over the place that can go shopping and eat. There are also old buildings in the streets, with brands, old signs, red lanterns, and so on. And there's all kinds of teahouses, and there's always a lot of traditional art shows like phonographs and reviews, and they're worth hanging around.
The main fence is located on the west side of the front street, one of the most important components of the front business circle. As an old commercial street with almost 600 years of history, the fence has been a thriving place for business in old Beijing.
The Chinese-style experience neighborhood, which is popular with young people, preserves the traditional culture, completes the renewal and upgrading of cities and becomes the new landmark of Beijing culture.
Free day, no schedule.
You can sleep in a nice laziness and enjoy your hotel breakfast when you get up.
Sender/ drop-off service: Based on your return time, the staff member will agree with you in advance on the time and place of the drop-off/ drop-off station (only for the hotel entrance). Please keep your mobile phone open. If you do not need a drop-off/ drop-off service, go to the airport/ station yourself (no refund)
