行程主标题
♪ Chongqing and Wulong 4 Days Scramble ♪ ♪ 8-person VIP team ♪ ♪ Shopping ♪ ♪ Free the Monument Business Hotel ♪

📅 Day 1: 全国 重庆
Free movement.

📍 09:00-13:00 | 自由活动
景点介绍
Nationwide Chongqing
It's about traffic.
When you arrive in Chongqing, the car driver takes the plane to the hotel and the tourists check in.
No itinerary on the day, free movement. It is recommended that you schedule your tour at the time of arrival.
Contact your driver by 1800 hours the day before your departure. Please keep the phone open. If you are not notified, call your immediate contact in the caller's notice. From the start to the end of the trip, 24 hours of exclusive travel.
Home, barrier-free communication. You will be contacted by the tour guide at 21:00 on Chongqing day.
Since the journey leaves earlier than the next day, in order to increase your comfort, you are advised to make every effort to choose early shifts;
The next day's trip to Wulong, the tour guide will contact you by text or telephone by 21 p.m. the following day, so please keep the phone open;
3. Protect your property and personal safety while you are free to travel;
4. The circuit is a local sprawl and, without diminishing the view, the itinerary may be adjusted;
Free movement.
Recommended activities
Self-recommended by activities
I'll give you a ticket for the night trip.
In the event of a national official holiday (five sections/national holiday/spring), the cruise ship will be extremely crowded for several hours, taking into account safety considerations, and not offering the two river cruise ships, which will cause you inconvenience;
Evening

📅 Day 2: 主城集合出发 a 天坑三桥 a 龙水峡地缝 a 市内酒店
The Ujiang viewing platform - born the bridge - born the dragon water canyon Seam

📍 21:00-21:30 | 乌江观景台
建议游览时间：About 30 minutes.
景点介绍
It's different from the bus line, the indigenous locals' preferred cycling route, and Caster mixed up with the Ujiang landscape and took pictures of the Ujiang gallery.

📍 21:00-23:00 | 天生三桥 - 龙水峡地缝

📍 21:00-23:00 | 天生三桥
建议游览时间：About two hours.
景点介绍
The cost of moving between the viewing sites (about US$ 40 per person for large traffic in the area already covered by the viewing area) is included (about 5 km between the points) and must be incurred in the area by means of a car or a family car.
It was born millions of years ago, but it really began to be known, after becoming the scene of Zhang's conspiracy film "The Golden Armour of the City." Three natural bridges formed by the collapse of underground caves, together with the "Ten Bridges and Two Pits" of the two pits between them. The size of the Three Bridges is also a rare thing in the world, and a powerful visual shock is amazing. Take the tourist elevator and drop it down to 100 meters deep.

📍 07:00-18:00 | 龙水峡地缝
建议游览时间：3 hours
景点介绍
On the lower of the viewing elevator to the lower half of the hill, and on the lower steps of the wall, the bottom of the ground sews down, along the running underground dark river, with flying waterfalls falling down and pouring into the dark river beneath its feet. On both sides of the canyon are rocky rocks, with only a ray of light on the back. Walk slowly along the fence, through the pier. Stone bells are thick, in different forms, beautiful. Keep moving, both in the canyon exits.
Wulong County, Chongqing
Returning to Chongqing in due course in the afternoon, tourists returned to their hotel accommodations after having left the group.

📅 Day 3: 酒店出发 a 长江索道 a 磁器口古真 a 李子坝轻轨站 a 洪崖洞 入住酒店
Magnetic mouths - Scum Hole - Li's Dam Light Track Station Thordo.

📍 07:00-09:00 | 磁器口 - 渣滓洞 - 李子坝轻轨站 - 长江索道
景点介绍
Afternoon
Evening
Evening
And the name of the land shall be known. This used to be an extraordinary land pier for the distribution of materials downstream of the Kamen River. It's a thousand-year-old wind that makes it a microcosm and symbol of the ancient city of Chongqing Gang. Magnetic mouth, famous for producing china.

📍 07:00-07:40 | 渣滓洞
建议游览时间：About 40 minutes.
景点介绍
It was a small coal kiln outside Chongqing that was famous for its size. The slag hole is three sides of the mountain, one side of the ditch, and it's more hidden. In 1939, the Nationalist Army agents forced the miners to take over the coal kiln, where they set up prisons. There are two houses, inside and outside, the secret office, the torture room, etc., and 16 rooms on the first floor and at the bottom of the inner house, the men ' s cell, and two flats.

📍 07:00-07:20 | 李子坝轻轨站
建议游览时间：About 20 minutes.
景点介绍
Looks like a plum dam is a red light track: Chongqing's light track, often travels through mountains, water, buildings, it feels like a roller coaster.

📍 12:00-18:00 | 长江索道
建议游览时间：Thirty minutes.
景点介绍
On the Yangtze Road: Yangtze Road is the second trans Riverso road in Chongqing City, which became operational in October 1987. It started on the street (Rongmen Ho) across the Yangtze River to the south coast of Shinjo (Singhua Road), where the leader of the Sutsung Chui province, Anjiang Temple (Sinhua Road). As part of Chongqing's life, he witnessed the city's transformation, which is an indelible memory of his citizens. Chongqing's unique landscape culture, a road across the Yangtze, has become one of the necessary attractions for tourists from outside the country to celebrate.
1. Major holidays, such as the Fourth of July, such as Yangtze Sodo, which are in high traffic, are considered to be long queues (more than three hours) and cannot be arranged for an understanding.
Emancipation.
Then he arrived at the Liberation Monument and ended his pleasant journey!
Hongyadong)
International Hotel, or River Romance Hotel
(Chongqing Jiefangbei) High class, or stay at the S Hotel (Chongqing Liberation Monument) High class, or the Jin Ke Saint Hotel, or the Yamalai River to Hotel (Chongqing Emancipation Monument).

📅 Day 4: 重庆 全国各地
Free movement.

📍 09:00-13:00 | 自由活动
景点介绍
Free movement.
Recommended activities
I don't know. Voluntary activities
You can arrange your own free schedule according to flight time. I want to celebrate my meal, explore the beauty of the mountain city and feel the infinity of the charismatic culture.
According to your flight schedule, the pilot will contact you in advance.
1 24 hour full day delivery service;
Hotel 2 should be checked out by 12 noon. The flight attendant will take you to the airport according to your flight schedule. If your flight is late, you can check out your baggage and move freely afterwards. Keep your cell phones open for couriers to contact during your free time, so that you do not miss the flight;
Suggested time: 30 minutes
If your flight leaves earlier, please inform the front desk that it is ready to pack the road early. Please explain your inconvenience!
Suggested time: 1 hour
Suggested time: 1 hour
Process
Notes
The order of the journey is determined by the master.
