行程主标题
Chongqing+Hongchou + Chengdu + Chengdu + Qingshan 5 Days Answer.

📅 Day 1: 预订城市 重庆
Free movement.

📍 09:00-13:00 | 自由活动
景点介绍
Switchboard/take-over
Please arrive at the local airport two hours before the plane takes off and take a flight to Chongqing. Specialized drivers take them to the hotel.
(1) Workers (1) will inform you by 21:00 before the day of the trip by texting or telephone, please keep the telephones available in the order;

📅 Day 2: 渣滓洞 a 白公馆 a 磁器口古镇 a 李子坝轻轨 a 长江索道 a解放碑 洪崖洞
White House.

📍 13:00-13:30 | 白公馆
建议游览时间：About 30 minutes.
景点介绍
The White House, located in the Saffron Dam area of Chongqing, is a relic of a revolution that remembers and laments. It was originally the home of the warlord Baek Kuo, who claimed himself to be the son of the great poet of Tang Dynasty, and named it "the house of Shan Shan" after the poet's name. It is customary for people in the neighbourhood to call themselves the White House, according to local custom. In 1939, the Military Command forced it to be purchased with 30 taels of gold and converted into a secret prison. The White House has more than 100 people in custody, and all are people in the military headquarters who consider the case to be serious or of higher rank.

📍 14:00-19:00 | 磁器口古镇
建议游览时间：About an hour and 30 minutes.
景点介绍
Magnetic Guangzhou, near Chongqing City, used to be a hot water dock, stomping on the pebble road, eating the local food, sitting in a teahouse and feeling the old Chongqing's troupe. Because it's close to the city, the town is now a good place for citizens to enjoy themselves. There are more than a dozen streets in ancient town, both of which are built with a clear style. The town is able to taste local foods and snacks. It's the town's "food strike." And the famous one is "Magflower Chan."
Because the magnet mouth has lots of snacks, you can choose at noon this day. There's a lot of tourists in Old Town.
The blood on the other side of the cuisine tea is very authentic, and the bean flowers there are never forgotten. The specialty is Chen Chang-Silver, the base of the fire pot is representative, and the base of the fire pot is more delicious.
Plum dam light track (looking)
In Chongqing, mountains are cities, cities are mountains, walking in a city like this, with no fancy means of transport, and it's really "no turning." At the plum dam, every few minutes, there's a light track along this green-oiled orbit to the station.

📅 Day 3: 重庆 成都 a 武侯祠 a 锦里古街 a 宽窄巷子 a 《蜀风雅韵》川剧变脸
- Kino.

📍 13:00-20:00 | 武侯祠
建议游览时间：About an hour.
景点介绍
Liu Bei and Zhu Ge-Lang's joint house, and China's ** kings.
It was a building complex of five parts of Han Zhuolang Temple, Wu Zhue Maung, Hue Maung, San Yi Temple, and Kanryi Walk Street.
Snacks are suitable for 90 per cent of the population.

📍 20:00-21:00 | 锦里
建议游览时间：1 hour
景点介绍
It's an ancient business street, one of the best places for Chengdu and part of the museum of Chengdu. Here, you can appreciate mud-squeezing, sugar-skinning, and you can go shopping in three-country shops. There are other Sichuan snacks, teahouses, coffee.
Houses, bars, inn, etc. At dusk, the lights will be on, and they'll be fragrance for a photo shoot.
A narrow alley.
Drink tea and bubbles, pull out your ears, eat hot pots and feel like everyone's happy life.
It's made up of a wide alley, a narrow alley, a well, an alley, all of the ancient courtyards of the Bricks and Bricks, and this is also the larger street of Chong Dynasty, which was left behind by many, after 50 years (1718 A.D.), after settling the chaos of Györ, a selection of a thousand soldiers to guard Chengdu, built on the basis of the youth of that year. The wide alley is called Heung Jin Hu, the narrow alley is called the peace alley, and the well alley is called the mindless alley.
"Sweet the Wind" has changed his face.
Look at a wonderful Kawakawa play, experience the veritable folk art of the tunnel.
The wind is a thousand years old, and it's a hundred years old. In China's Sichuan Chengdu Plateau, the hymns sit in the ancient complex of the Sheep Palace. It's a wall in front of a thousand-year-old courtyard. It's an ancient architecture, with a large and idle windbone in Guxiton, and it used to be a floating pear garden. It's been a long time since the Kawakawa Theatre. It's a deep-rooted pear garden in Sichuan.
Note: Please be advised that this is a gift and that if you do not attend, for example, non-use or stoppage, there will be no refund.
The Hotel of Chengdu Ming
The hotel is located next to the Yongfeng Bridge, 55 Yongfeng Road, Wuhou District, Cheng City. It is well located and easily accessible.
Hotels have multiple parking spaces.
The hotel consists of administrative and commercial floors that meet the needs of different people. It is a multi-purpose city hotel that combines business (government) accommodation, conference reception, catering, recreation.
Euro-Asian seafood positions are located on the second floor of the hotel, mainly in the area of seafood buffets and breakfasts; they can accommodate many people at the same time. It's nice to combine the country's cooking crafts, keep the ingredients. The branded Wellington steaks, the evaporated crab legs, the cheese-screwed blue dragons, the fragrance flavoured lamb chops, and the Japanese stingers are delicious.
The Ming Hsiang Chiu Diwan is an elegant, quiet private room with a special flair of special features. Pipe

📅 Day 4: 成都 a 都江堰 a 青城山 a 成都
Dujiang--

📍 09:00-10:30 | 都江堰
建议游览时间：About an hour and 30 minutes.
景点介绍
To date, Tujiang has been a huge water project in the world that has been in existence for a long time, with only one remaining, and is characterized by water without dams. There are three major components of fish mouths that divide the water dykes, sand-spray flood lanes, and porcelain mouths, which have served as flood-proof irrigation. There's a lot of relics around the Dujiang, mainly Volonsee, the Two Temples, the Angrenso Bridge, the jade gates, the park off the pile.
Arrivals of the Dujiang River have entered the Dujiang Landscape by way of the half-mountain entrance to the Yujiang Hills and have taken the escalator to the top of the Yujiang Palace (which requires a cost of $40 per person) overlooking the full extent of the Dujiang River Water Project, as well as the Dujiang Township, which lies far from the plains. Then we went up and down, through the Second King's Temple in memory of Li's father and son, across the Antenna Bridge, and then we looked at the fish mouths, the saloons, the flood lanes (which required a 10-dollar tour car/man in the landscape), the pedestals, and the three main water projects from the details. After leaving the park, Zhang Zhang Zhong Qiang, Zhuang Zhuang, Zhong Zhuang Dynasty left the Dujiang Dynamite area and went to the parking lot in an ancient tourist car (with a cost of $10 per person).

📍 17:00-19:30 | 青城山
建议游览时间：About two hours and 30 minutes.
景点介绍
The Qingcheng Hill is located in the south-west of the city of Chengjiang, Sichuan Province, 68 km east of the city, and 10 km south-west of the Dujiang water project. The view area is 200 square kilometres, the peak is 1260 metres above sea level, and the mountains of the Green City are divided into mountains of the former and the rear, with their peaks round and around, and the trees of the trees and the trees of the trees.
There's a reputation for "The City of Green". All the trees are green, all the seasons are green, all the peaks are round, just like the city, so it's called the Green Hills. Tantila, the curves pass the shadows. Outside and outside the scenery, the caves of the sky and the Qingming Palace are a feature of the Green Hills.
By entering the landscape through the gates of the mountain, breathing fresh air, picking up steps, climbing up and going up, the curtains of your eyes are lumbering, folding, through the rainpits, the natural attics, the honeycombs, the glamour booths. Or on a cruise ship, by way of the lake of Moon City, to the palace.
Note: Based on demand for small transport, excluding $20/person for cruise vehicles, $60/person for ex-Mounyso Road and $5/person for Lunar Lake.

📅 Day 5: 成都 返回城市
Free movement.

📍 09:00-13:00 | 自由活动
景点介绍
Sender/port
Please arrange a reasonable time for our drivers to pick you up at the hotel at the pre-arranged time (the staff member will contact you by telephone or text at 2000 p.m. before departure to check the flight information and make a specific agreement, and keep the cell number of the order open).
(1) Delivery time is generally appropriate for two to three hours before the flight takes off and one hour before the terminal, and may also be earlier to ensure smooth travel and to take into account ground traffic;
(2) If you return after 12 noon, pay attention to the hotel check-out, check out early and arrange your own activities (the luggage may be deposited at the hotel reception). When you arrive at the airport or station, perform your own on-boarding or related formalities (e.g. include specific flight information, car movement information should be reserved for the next step) and return to the place of departure and end the pleasant journey.
