行程主标题
♪ Changsha + Zhang's family ♪ Zhang's family + Tianmen Mountain + 6 Phoenix ♪ 6 people are playing with their own money ♪ Tea.

📅 Day 2: 【核心景区】行程 ：张家界国家森林公园→ ‘不到黄石寨枉到张家界’→金鞭溪童趣戏水&看野生猕猴→杨家界→袁家界（阿凡达取景地）→宿山顶野奢民宿【当日亮点】宿民宿观日出赏云海 ，畅玩森林公园
Zhang's central view area, Wushijiang.

📍 09:00-13:00 | 张家界核心景区武陵源（原张家界国家森林公园）
建议游览时间：About four hours.
景点介绍
It is located in the north-west of Hunan province, and is a well-known tourist attraction in the country. It is made up of the Zhang family, Sokkoshi, Tianzheng and Yang family. It's a rare sandstone peak landscape in the world, where the landscape has not been engraved by any man. It's full of rocks, cliffs, ancient trees, clouds and clouds, Fountain Falls and rare animals. In the midst of it, it's like a magical world and a beautiful art gallery. There's a reputation for nature's maze.

📍 11:00-13:00 | 黄石寨
建议游览时间：About two hours.
景点介绍
Huang Liang is also known as Wong Liang, and is known for his visit. It's in the middle of the forest park, for a giant square hill, 1080 meters above sea level, a magnificent, high viewing platform. The roof covers 16.5 hectares, is higher in southwest and lower in northeast. And around the cliffs, the green trees. There's a lot of air viewing platforms out there.
The gift is valued at $118: Yellow Rock Road! (children do not exist, at their own expense).

📍 13:00-14:00 | 金鞭溪
建议游览时间：About an hour.
景点介绍
The Golden Whip Creek is located in Zhang's territory and is known for passing through the Golden Whip Rock, which is 5710 metres long. Golden Whip Creek, also known as Golden Whip Grand Canyon, “Man walks in the canyons, mountains pass by” and canyons are beautiful on both sides.

📍 15:00-16:00 | 杨家界
建议游览时间：About an hour.
景点介绍
In the northwest of Zhang's border, north of Tsinko Mountain, is a new discovery after Zhang's border, Sokuku, Tianko Mountain.
The scenery. Three of the most well-known places in the Yang family are: Ulongiya, Tianbao, and Step Up. Currently, only 20 per cent of the Yang family has been developed.

📍 17:00-18:00 | 天子山
建议游览时间：1 hour
景点介绍
Visiting viewing sites such as the clouds, pen peaks, fairies, the West Sea, etc. The view of the mountain is made in heaven and earth, and there are no artificial marks. There's not only Koyama, but there's also the simple people, the strange folk, the unique national food that awaits you. It's said, "Who knows God and doesn't go down the mountain?" It's said, "Don't go down the mountain, it's a waste."

📅 Day 3: 【核心景区二次入园】行程 ：张家界国家森林公园→ 【探秘阿凡
Zhang's core view area, Wujiang.

📍 09:00-11:00 | 张家界核心景区武陵源（原张家界国家森林公园） - 百龙天梯 - 袁家界 - 乾坤柱

📍 11:00-17:00 | 张家界核心景区武陵源（原张家界国家森林公园）
建议游览时间：About six hours.
景点介绍
Zhang and Zhang Jia National Forest Park
The Zhang family is the city of Hunan province and a popular tourist city in the country. The municipal landscape includes the Zhang Family National Forest Park, Tianmen Mountain National Forest Park, Zhang Family Grand Canyon, etc. And most people come to the Zhang family for a tour of Zhang family's core view -- Zhang family's National Forest Park. It's a good spot.
Yuan family: Landing on Avatar Pandora
The Yuan family is a viewing site of the film "Hallelujah Mountains" in Avatar, where you can explore the magical world of the mountains floating in the film. If it happens to rain in the mountains, or when it clears after the rain, it's better to appreciate the mist and the crowds. The Vertigo Plateau is an ideal view, standing on the stage, with hundreds of rock peaks standing around it, stupendous. And here you can see it between two mountains, vertically. Bad
357 meters of underground **bridge.

📍 13:00-13:20 | 百龙天梯
建议游览时间：About 20 minutes.
景点介绍
Zhang's main attractions, such as the Golden Whip Creek, Yuan's Family and Tianzi Mountain, are connected by the Bronx. From near the Golden Whip Creek canyon to Yuan's family, it took about two hours to climb the mountain on foot, and it took two minutes to get on the ladder.
The Bronze Elevator, located in the vicinity of the Golden Whip Creek Grand Canyon, is surrounded by four gates, the Viewpoint (about 300 metres apart), up by the Yuan's Boundaries. The elevators are 335 meters vertically, 326 meters high, made up of solid wells inside the mountain and wells with hindsight, three elevators running side by side, each of which consists of fully transparent glass. While in the elevator, tourists are able to enjoy a great expanse of Zhang's family through glass: a gathering of soldiers. The soldiers of God are on the opposite side of the Pyramid, made up of dozens of relatively independent rock peaks.

📍 15:00-17:00 | 袁家界
建议游览时间：About two hours.
景点介绍
The Yuan's Landscape is a hilltop, where trees are swollen, with mist and a tumbled view. The attraction is the attraction of the floating mountain of Hallelujah in the film Avatar -- the hives of the mountain. In addition, there are major scenes such as the ecstasy tower. The Vertigo Plateau, which is a good viewing platform in the landscape, stands in the middle, with hundreds of rock peaks standing around it, with extraordinary strength; the Underground ** Bridge, stretching between two mountains, with a width of 2 metres, 25 metres across, and a vertical gap of 357 metres, is the vertically and poorly constructed, vertically found in the world. There are two roads from the hill to the Yuan family. The first is the “Ten Mile Junction” fork in the middle of the Golden Whip Creek, from the “spreading slope” to the Yuan family, which takes longer, about two hours, and the scenery behind the Golden Whip Creek is invisible. The other one is coming out of "Golden Whip Creek." The Isthmus.
The valley, after the water around the four gates, came to the lower station of the Pyramid and took the elevator to the mountain, which was only a few minutes away, where it was on the top of the Pyramid with a free-of-charge environmental bottler to the Yuan's parking lot. It is suggested that the latter should be chosen so as to save time and allow for a tour of the back of the Golden Whip Creek. After a tour of Yuan's Landscape, you can take a free-of-charge environmental vehicle to the Tianjin Landscape in the north. You can also stay in the Yuan family area on that day, where there are many farmers.

📍 17:00-17:20 | 乾坤柱
建议游览时间：About 20 minutes.
景点介绍
It's called South Sky, at the south end of Yuan's family landscape. It's the floating "Hallelujah Mountain" attraction in the film Avatar. It's about 150 meters vertically, and at the top it's bred with a melancholy vegetation, and it's very strange in shape, and it's like a knife and an axe, so it's called the goon.

📍 19:00-20:00 | 十里画廊
建议游览时间：1 hour
景点介绍
The Ten Mile Gallery is located in the Grand Canyon of the South River Dragon Beach, North Rise Beach Village, South to Wanhing Village, 28 miles long. The canyon is crumbling, and it's wide and narrow, but the valley is flat. Deep valleys stretch forward like an attractive gallery. The Great Canyon of East Trench, the steep mountains, the deep valleys, the gusts of strange rocks, the shins of Sulin.

📍 21:00-22:00 | 张家界大峡谷玻璃桥
建议游览时间：1 hour
景点介绍
Zhang's Grand Canyon Glass Bridge is located in the area of Zhang's Grand Canyon landscape, in the area of Zhang's chestnut tree tree and Wu Wang Poe. The Grand Canyon Glass Bridge is 430 metres long and 6 metres wide, with 99 three-storey stacked steeled glass on its surface, only 0.6 metres thick, creating the world's first glass as a large bridge to the main stress structure. The open glass bridge will be another landmark tourist attraction for Zhang.
Traveler 1: Step on the glass bridge, turn on your phone app, and make your exclusive Internet red video, and bang your friends!
The hotel is located at the heart of the national forest park in the world's tourist resorts, surrounded by a host of core sites, such as St. Paul's Lake in the sky, the clutter of the Yellow Dragon Hole and the Great Canyon of Zhang in Guinness. Some of the sites are known for the film "Avatar", the Hallelujah Mountains, and the Zhang Jia National Forest Park, which is known as "the magnified basin, the shrinking wonderland."
Zhang's airport is only 40 minutes away from the hotel and Zhang's West High Station is only 25 minutes away from the hotel. The hotel was built on a mountain, with a wide view, and a view of the city. The new Chinese courtyard style is integrated with the local earthy hiking elements, and with the surrounding mountain landscape, creating a strong mountain holiday atmosphere.
The hotel has facilities such as a Chinese restaurant, a full-day restaurant, conference rooms, and services such as a fitness centre, an outdoor pool, a self-service laundry room, a children's playground, a garden camp, a retail store, etc., which is a family resort with high expectations.

📍 23:00-00:30 | 张家界《魅力湘西》演出
建议游览时间：About an hour and 30 minutes.
景点介绍
The glamorous “True Hand-Showers” on the west side, the loveful Songs of the Sandsmen, the magical Shao Xi Festival, the thick Hsi Niu, the running of the Zhu Xi Moo Drum, the loveful “True Daughters of the Land” and the Zhang Dynasty Light, the unique Turkish family to get married, the weeping wedding, the mystery of the millennium's mystery, the Zhusui Expulsion, and large indoor performances featuring the popular folklore of Su Xi, such as the rough fossil stoner Thagus, have shown and interpreted the art of folk culture.

📅 Day 4: 【登天门山 ，赏凤凰夜景】行程 ：挑战【天门山】 ➠穿越天门洞➠乘7455米观光索道➠VIP快速入古城 *指定凤凰人文亲子半山民宿雪晴集客栈 【当日亮点】赏文化大师手稿真迹、游园会、茶歇点心
Skygate National Forest Park - Skygate Hole Santasso. Province

📍 09:00-11:00 | 天门山国家森林公园 - 天门洞 - 天门山大索道 - 玻璃栈道

📍 11:00-15:00 | 天门山国家森林公园
建议游览时间：About four hours.
景点介绍
The National Forest Park of Tianmen Mountain is famous for its natural wonders, the Skygate Hole. When you go to the view area, you have to travel around 7,500 metres on a solo road, and you can look down in a cable car, and you can look at the skywalk and the beautiful view of the mountains between the cliffs. And you can walk through a glass cage with walls hanging out, and experience the excitement of walking in the air.
The National Forest Park of Tianmen Mountain is closer to the city of Zhang's border, and the cave in the mountain is a natural cave through which the people think they can reach heaven. For ordinary tourists, the Skygate Hole is not open all year round, and every winter, due to the freezing of snowways, the Skygate Hole and the Passage Road to the Skygate Hole (99-twirling mountain roads) are closed.
The lower station of Grand Sow Road in the view area is on the Zone of Eternity, up to the top of the Temple Mountain. In 2020, the view area opened the fast track, and the fast track was standing under the gate near the gate, near the gate park.
The forest park of Tianmen Mountain is surrounded by ancient trees and vines. The view is divided into the main areas of Skygate, Midline, East Line and West Line View. Visitors can choose different routes and regions based on their preferences and strength.
At the heart of the middle line is the Temple of Tianmena, near the Temple, the “child-hundred hole”, where the folk legend says that the pronunciation of the children is sanctified, and that the bright spot on the west is a “glass plume” about 60 metres long, built on a cliff wall, all the roads under its feet are made of transparent glass, walking on it, seeing the valleys beneath its feet, the timidness, and feeling the joy of walking in the air; the eastern line is dominated by the original forest, and now a glass plume of 150 metres.
You can't stay in the area, so you can only play in one day. There's a Cherry Bay restaurant near the Temple, which provides snacks and snacks.
Near the lower station of Tianmenu Road, there's a car to go to the Grand Canyon Theatre, where you can watch the reality show, the magic musical "The Fox of Heaven." The story was adapted from the mythical legend of Liu Hae Hae Hae Hae Hae Hae Hae, and tells of a moving love of human foxes. The scenes of live music, lights, super-lunars, foxes, snows, high-altitude bridges, and so on, have brought this legendary love to the fore.

📍 13:00-14:00 | 天门洞
建议游览时间：About an hour.
景点介绍
The gates are 131.5 meters high, 57 meters wide, 60 meters deep, and the earth is full of heaven, like a portal to heaven. This is a view that attracts visiting visitors from ancient emperors, eunuchs, monks, and scribes, who have accumulated over generations to form a uniquely thick “sky culture”. "The Skygate Spray" and "The Skygate Sunlight" have been hailed as rare images of the world.

📍 15:00-15:45 | 天门山大索道
建议游览时间：About 45 minutes.
景点介绍
It's located in Zhang's city of Tianmen Shan National Forest Park. It's 7454 meters long, 1277 meters high, and it's about 30 minutes long.
Bell. The local slope between the middle and upper stations is as high as 37 degrees, and the world is rare. There are three stations down, in the middle and on the way. Down on the Zone of Eternity, up on the top of Mount Tianmen. Tourists can look over the hole in the sky on the road.

📍 17:00-19:00 | 玻璃栈道
建议游览时间：Two hours.
景点介绍
The glass canal is the fine specialty of the mountain. The East Line, the West Line and the Three Glass Calves on the Dragon Cliff are now open. It's built on cliffs, and the roads are all made of transparent glass, and it's on top of it, and it's seen deep valleys beneath its feet, and it's scared, and it feels happy to walk in the air. When the weather is harsher, like rain, glass canals will be shut down.
The view area is divided into "A", "B" and "C" 3 tickets.
"A" line: "B" line: "B" line.
The travel agency cannot choose one of the routes on its own, the site random diversion, and the zuijie final release is responsible, so please understand and cooperate.
Shoes + escalators (for adults only, without children)

📍 19:00-20:30 | 芙蓉镇 游览外观
建议游览时间：About an hour and 30 minutes.
景点介绍
Bu Yong, formerly known as Wang Village, is about 50 km from Young-soon County. It's been over 2,000 years since the town was famous for the film "Foo Yong Town" by Xie Shin-in, Liu Xiaoqing and Kang Wang.
The ticket offices, entrances, exits and tourist service centres in Furong are located at the end of the town. After entering the Old Town from the entrance, walk forward along the Old Streets, which are covered with pebbles. On both sides of the old street, a lot of local dwellings have been kept, many of the walls have been spelled together with wooden panels, many of which have become darker and unwittingly marked.
Fees
Reference price
Details
$108 per person
Frou Town, Phoenix City.

📍 21:00-23:00 | 凤凰古城
建议游览时间：About two hours.
景点介绍
The landscape is rich in tourism resources, ancient architecture, humanism and nationalism. The ancient city of the Yellow Silk Bridge, which was built in Tang Dynasty's ancient city, the twilight cave, the ancient palace of the dynasty arch, and the home of Shen Dynasty. Three of the nature reserves are the South China Hill Forest Park, two provincial sheep nature reserves and nine rock nature reserves.
The Snow Fair Hotel.
Hotels are located in Hunan Phoenix County, with a forest park in Mount South China, 750 meters from Phoenix. It is built on the traditional mountain courtyards, built on the unique human ethos of Phoenix, and dedicated to the way in which quality, individuality and cultural life are built. The hotel has a variety of types of services such as courtyards, children's rooms, villas, standard rooms, etc., as well as leisure gardening, Chinese restaurants, conference rooms, clean-up bar, book bar, tea bar, open-air pool, barbecue bar, etc., which are designed to provide guests with an environment of elegance and experience, and to enjoy a quiet, light-hearted place where they can enjoy “the deep forest without knowing it, coming tomorrow.” I'm looking forward to a mountain courtyard.

📍 23:00-00:00 | “湘见·沱江”沉浸式艺术游船
建议游览时间：1 hour
景点介绍
One of the core experience projects in Phoenix is the Night Swimming Swamp, which brings together the Hmong culture in a variety of forms, such as national paintings, animations, ** live films, audio-visual films, scenery mixes, nightwalking devices, photocopying devices, 100-metre drawings with photo-technology and Mmong culture on each other's stone walls on both sides of the river, as well as a multitude of homogene elements, such as weddings, wax dyes, and beatings.
A 168-dollar, immersion art cruiser, Zhaojiang (adult only)
"The Night Swimming Vegetable Boat is one of the core experience projects in Phoenix City, where the culture of the Hmong is at its core and the country is so well integrated."
Many expressions, such as drawings, animations, ** reality films, audio-visual films, scenery mixes, nightwalking devices, photocopying devices, and a hundred-metre picture of each other on the walls along the river using photo-technology and Hmong culture, as well as a large number of homogene elements, such as weddings, wax dyes, and scavengers.

📅 Day 5: 凤凰→（高铁2H直达）长沙→【水映芙蓉 烟雨凤凰】沉浸式畅
The city of Phoenix. Miyagi.

📍 09:00-11:00 | 凤凰古城
建议游览时间：About two hours.
景点介绍
The landscape is rich in tourism resources, ancient architecture, humanism and nationalism. The ancient city of the Yellow Silk Bridge, which was built in Tang Dynasty's ancient city, the twilight cave, the ancient palace of the dynasty arch, and the home of Shen Dynasty. Three of the nature reserves are the South China Hill Forest Park, two provincial sheep nature reserves and nine rock nature reserves.

📍 11:00-13:00 | 凤凰沈从文故居 - 万寿宫

📍 13:00-13:20 | 凤凰沈从文故居
建议游览时间：About 20 minutes.
景点介绍
Shen Wen, who lives in Phoenix, Hunan province, has a rich and rich history of Xinxi. It's a 100-year-old Qing Dynasty and late architecture that goes back and forth, with a small pit in the middle, and a van with the claustropics on the right and the right, and gives people a beautiful sense of beauty. It seems to be in harmony with the firmness of the roof and the grey walls, the old walls and the broken doors and windows that show the old and old houses.

📍 15:00-16:00 | 万寿宫
建议游览时间：1 hour
景点介绍
The great view of architectural art in a building called the Jiangxi Consortium, located in Sand Bay, Phoenix Province. The Mansion Palace forms a complex and uniquely designed complex of buildings. Close to the gate, connected to the high gate building, north with the sun, west with the Changtao. There's a hall above the 9th step of the gate, and then the temple.
After lunch, take the high iron to Changsha!
China Town) Luxury, or Changsha Globe for Spectator, or Hunan Financial Center for Foreign Impression, or Luxury.
Changsha is still a city with a tongue.
D6 meat, delicious shrimp. A hundred-year-old food-and-eating characters, such as the Jade Building, and especially the fire palace, have made Mao's taste and resonate.

📅 Day 6: 长沙 - 出发地
Free movement.

📍 09:00-13:00 | 自由活动
景点介绍
All day long.
Free movement: Sleep until natural awakening, it's a day of free movement, and you can travel freely to the scenes of Starling City and feel the city's art and vitality again.
The hotel we have reserved for you is checked out by 12 noon.
End the happy journey to Xinxie and return to the sweet home!
Free movement.
Recommended activities
I'd like to make a proposal for a saliva.
Changsha, who is the town of Chuhan, is known as the "town of Chuja" for the influence of Kuohara and Jaqu; today it is the holy place of the Revolution, the Orange County, the Yuo Chau College, and the love kiosk that leave behind the revolutionary footprints of Mao Zedong, China's great man, and the flowering house.
It's like a poem. You can take the rhymes of the love, the glamour of the water, the fear of the moon, the envy of the heavens, the groaning of the oranges, the love of the earth...
Changsha is still a city on the tip of the tongue, and Changsha is a cuisine hall in one of the country's eight major cuisine, where the country's notoriously stinky tofu, furry red meat, and slobber. A hundred-year-old food-and-eating characters, such as the Jade Building, and especially the fire palace, have made Mao's taste and resonate.
