行程主标题
♪ Chengdudu Viv's Hall ♪

📅 Day 1: 成都 a 杜甫草堂 a 宽窄巷子 a 武侯祠 a 锦里古街 a 川剧表演 返回原集中出发地点
The Dov's Hall, with the first doorway tickets, the wide alleys, with the first door ticket.

📍 09:00-10:30 | 杜甫草堂 含首道门票
建议游览时间：About an hour and 30 minutes.
景点介绍
The Tufu House is the home of the Chinese poet Dom Dynasty. At the time, Duft had taken his family here to escape the Anshire.
Everyone, with the help of friends, built a hut called the Chengdu House. Dufus lived here for almost four years and created poetry for a lot of people, like Spring Nights and Rains and the Shacks and the Winds. The architecture here is so pristine, the garden is so beautiful, it's both classical and poetic.
♪ Play a little plan ♪
1 Play route: the main entrance to the Grand Poetry Hall, the Ministry of Industry, and the temples of the Hill. Dom Dynasty's site is full of plasters. South gate.
Watch this place:
The house is home: it gives people a visual view of the life of Dov.
This is one of the landmarks.
Poetry History: Showing Duval's poetry and life experience.
The Ministry of Industry: Duft was named as the Foreign Minister of the Ministry.
Tung Dynasty Monuments: Some of Tang Dynasty's relics can be traced.
The Grand Hall: There are large coloured murals and many famous poet statues.
A bouquet: the red wall trap, the most interesting, is the ideal place to take pictures and get a card.
The garden garden: the pelvis art of different shapes shows the beauty of the garden.
Shadowwall: It has a unique cultural rhyme.

📍 11:00-12:30 | 宽窄巷子
建议游览时间：About an hour and 30 minutes.
景点介绍
The narrow alleys, walking between the wide alleys and the narrow alleys, can appreciate the ancient fragrances of buildings and the unique hymns of old Chengdu. I'll see you around.
Afternoon
Afternoon
Afternoon
# Rock and other features. # Walking into the traditional teahouses on the street, squirming, feeling free time. We'll go to a variety of specialty shops, such as handicrafts, bookstores, etc., and pick the souvenirs of the heart.
♪ Play a little plan ♪
1. Old buildings: This is a place where a lot of Qing Dynasty-era civilian buildings are preserved, with wooded doors and windows covered with green bricks.
2. 恺庐: One of the most iconic doors in the wide alley.
3. Stuffstone: Witnessing the past.
4. Brick Culture Wall: A demonstration of Chengdu’s historical changes and cultural identity.
The traditional courtyard: can go into some courtyards and feel the peace and grace.
6 Street art performances: from time to time the performances of folk artists, such as face change, play, etc., add a strong cultural atmosphere to this.
7 Specialized shops: small shops of all styles, which sell traditional crafts, and creative creations.
Teahouse culture: Many teahouses gather here, reflecting the freestyle lifestyle and tea culture of Chengdu.
9 Nightscape Lights: The big alleys at night are shown by the light, so don't have a mood and create a unique atmosphere.
10, Chengdu snacks are a place where all the good foods, such as the dragon's hand, the spicy hotness, the couple's lungs, the stretching face, the sweet water, the sprouts, the roasted fish, the chicken, etc.

📍 13:00-14:30 | 武侯祠 含首道门票
建议游览时间：About an hour and 30 minutes.
景点介绍
It is not only an important cultural landmark for Chengdu, but also a key place to study the history of the three countries. It attracts a large number of visitors and historical and cultural lovers to visit and to make people feel that this vast history and deep cultural depth.
♪ Play a little plan ♪
I: Self-service rental lecture service: 30 yuan per second for rental and 200 yuan per station for deposit (additional payment by guests and personal processing in the museum).
II: View the relics.
1. Tang Monsignor (Stamp of the Monsignor of Gowu): This is one of the treasures of the town of the Queen of Wu.
2. The Bronze Scroll Machine: Capt. 13.3 cm, Bronze 6.7 cm wide, 15.3 cm high, and Bronze foundry.
Modern Chen Zhiqing, "Berson outside Jin City": The painting was written under the title "Where to find the Prime Minister's Hall, outside Jin City" in Doo-Sun.

📍 15:00-16:30 | 锦里古街
建议游览时间：About an hour and 30 minutes.
景点介绍
Cinrigo Street, walking in it, enjoying the ancient fragrance of buildings and streets. Visiting a variety of specialty shops on the street, such as traditional handicraft shops, snack shops, etc., which taste sugary fruit, three cannons, etc. Go to the middle of Old Street, there's some buildings like the Old Theatre that can take pictures.
♪ Play a little plan ♪
Here are some food recommendations for Cinrigo Street:
One, three cannons: made of rice, evaporated with red sugar, mixed with soybeans, sesame fragrance, sweet taste.
Beef croissants: roasted with butter, made of beef pie, then fried, fragrance.
Three, Spicy Spicy Snack: It's all there is to buy on Cinrigo Street, it's all fragrance, it looks hot, it's not hot.
Afternoon
4 Fertilizer: Spicy, with special intestines, can be tasted as a snack or a special meal.
Sweet water surfaces: thick noodles with sweet and spicy sauces, the entrances are chewy and tastes unique.
6. Sugar berries: raw materials made of rice, sesame and sugar, soft and sweet.
7. Roast chickens: The taste is sour in the fragrance of the spicy and fragrance of the veggie foods.
8 - Yells: Pumps such as pork and sprouts wrapped in rice, evaporated for consumption, soft for taste, delicious taste.
9 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
10, Pineapple: Steaming pineapple meat with rice rice, sweet pineapple and fresh fragrance.

📍 17:00-18:00 | 川剧表演
建议游览时间：About an hour.
景点介绍
"The classic drama and folk stunts", which cover Kawadra plays like face change and fire, as well as toplights, handiworks, puppets, Kawakawa's play, puppets, trick-making, acrobatics, acrobatics, solos, hooligans, opera dances, etc.
Important tip.
1. The actual notice of the business staff shall be used for the specific theatre and the duration of the performance.
2. If the performance is suspended or the ticket is sold out, the ticket is returned or the itinerary is changed.
When the journey is complete, we will be responsible for returning you safely to your place of origin, drawing a perfect end to this pleasant journey. If you have a need for a car beyond the established end-of-mission schedule, an additional fee is required, the details of which can be consulted with the vendor, subject to a consensus between the parties.
Process
Notes
The itinerary is reasonably sequenced according to the actual circumstances, but does not reduce the itinerary
